Senior Software Engineer (mw), Want to work with us ?. Senior Software Engineer (mw). Your tasks: Participation in the entire application lifecycle from requirements analysis to the delivery of software components in an agile environment (Scrum, Kanban). Conception and development of WebFrontends, WebService interfaces and business components as well as the connection of the software to various database systems. Software Quality Assurance Through State of the Art Clean Code and Continuous Integration Principles. Improvement of the architectural and technological basis of our projects and participation in one of our highly motivated agile teams. About you: Software development is your passion. They love experimenting with new technologies, breaking new ground and gushing with ideas. They do not settle for the status quo, question critically and motivate others. You score points with us: Completed technical training or several years of professional experience in software development. Innovation and solution orientation as well as teamwork. Enthusiasm for trends in software development and interest to rebuild or further develop software systems for our customers. They design and work with architectural concepts and integration methods such as Microservices, Eventdriven Programming, REST based Java or Spring. Experience in JavaScriptTypeScript and frameworks like Angular or React. Dealing with Continuous Integration Tools and concepts like Jenkins, Nexus, Gradle or Maven. Strong communication in German and English. Nice to have: Docker, Ansible, NoSQL databases like MongoDB, Alternative JVM languages ​​like Groovy or Scala, NodeJS. We score points with you: You can expect a diverse and interesting area of ​​responsibility with high personal responsibility and excellent training opportunities. Fun in team work and a way of working that demands and promotes communication are key features in our agile projects. Good cooperation and social commitment for and with each other are essential elements of our company philosophy. Depending on your qualifications, we offer you an attractive remuneration. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 45. 948, gross, whereby a market-conform overpayment is usual with us. Please apply via our online form Mag Magrit LandgrebeNesitka. For further information please contact us at 43664 8161 877 or people @ Lagerpoint. com available. Are you interested? Please apply via the button with your complete application. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4598867, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking, Good Connections, Education & Training, Employee Events, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible Work Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, BearingPoint, kcdn. atcompany145243138333logos. companymid. gif, Premstatten, 8141, Seering 6, sameAs: INFONOVA. com
Junior Senior Consultant (mw) for Data Analytics, junior Senior Consultant (mw) for Data Analytics. If you want to actively shape your future, you need an employer that not only challenges but also supports your employees! Immediately join our international, multidisciplinary project team in Linz or Vienna and support our rapidly expanding Advisory business unit with know-how, dedication and enthusiasm. Your challenges with us. Advising national and international groups of different industries in Austria on data analytics. Transformation of technical, analytical and technical knowledge into sound insights and recommendations for our customers. Board-compatible preparation and communication of the analysis results. Junior Consultant: Processing and analysis of comprehensive, complex, (un) structured data using algorithms to derive business relevant knowledge (Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Process and DataMining). Senior Consultant: Significant co-creation and (part) project management in Data Analytics projects. Assistance in acquisition activities and ongoing customer support. Further development of data analytics products and services. Your skills. Successfully completed studies in (economic) computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics or (business) engineering. 24 years of experience as a management consultant or comparable experience in the industry. Experience in the analysis of complex data across the entire DA Lifecylce (data collection and processing, analysis, visualization). Knowledge of various programming languages ​​(eg R, Python, Java, NET) is an advantage. Well-versed handling of data mining products (eg Matlab, SPSS, SAS) is advantageous. Experience in dealing with databases of advantage (eg MS SQL Server). Negotiable English, excellent German is required. Professional appearance as well as team and service orientation. Analytical skills and above-average willingness to perform. Traveling. Excellent prospects. Responsible, versatile activities within an experienced team and in a rapidly expanding field. TopIT consulting with the most renowned large corporations. Enjoying work in the circle of enthusiastic colleagues and a pleasant working atmosphere with mutual support. Targeted training and development opportunities and transparent development opportunities. Performance-based pay. The minimum wage for this position is approximately EUR 45,000 gross, based on full-time employment and, for example, 23 years of professional experience. a. Depending on your qualifications and experience, we offer you a significant overpayment. Furthermore, you can count on a performance-based, individual bonus. Facts. Place. Linz, Vienna. Function. Advisory. Your contact. Contact Vienna Gisela Kreer BA Contact Linz Mag Viktoria Wallaberger BSc Interested ?. Then we look forward to receiving your online application including cover letter, CV and certificates. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4603145, law, taxes, economics,, KPMG Austria, kcdn. atcompany36032294638logokpmgoesterreich. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, porcelain cup 51, sameAs: kpmg. at
Android Development Ninja Java and UX, Android Development Ninja Java and UX. Fulltime, Vienna. Parkbob enables a seamless last mile experience by delivering contextaware parking rules restrictions as well as realtime parking information. We are a technology and datadriven startup with a strong focus to realize our ambitions. As a small team with an international background, we are willing to provide the best environment for our team members. We know that our success will be a joint effort. Parkbob has already received seed funding from business angels and VCs. We are looking to enhance our team with an expert in Java and Android frameworks.Your role:You develop our cuttingedge Android Parkbob App. You jointly create MockUps for the UX and implement them. You make technical architecture decisions, with your colleagues. You implement innovative ideas to challenge yourself and others. What we are looking for:Practical experience with native Android development. Expert knowledge of Java and Android frameworks. Excellent skills in writing a clean and maintainable code as well as outstanding problem solving skills. Preferably, a bachelor degree in Computer Science or a related field (higher technical institute or university), but not required. Selfstarter, fast learner and motivated team player willing to work in beautiful Austria. Good English skills both written and spoken German is a plus.Desire to relocate to Vienna (or outskirts) in 68 weeks. Active working permit for AustriaEU is a prerequisite. What we are offering:A dynamic team with lots of startup spirit : ). Attractive package consisting of salary and share of our success. Flexible working hours. Fantastic atmosphere in our office embedded in a startup campus. Other benefits such as free softdrinks, top equipment and continuous training. We know that we will reach our goal only together with our team. This means that you will participate in the companys success. The minimum monthly gross salary starts at 2. 332EUR x14. Overpay depending on experience and qualification is being offered. Interested? We are very much looking forward to your application and a more detailed discussion about the position. Please contact jobs@parkbob. com. Parkbob GmbH, Treustrasse 2224, 1200 Wien, Austria. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4648462, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Parkbob GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1078831375734logoparkbobgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1200, Treustrasse 2224, sameAs: parkbob. com
Business Intelligence Data Analyst (mw), To strengthen our Business Intelligence Operations team in 1120 Vienna we are looking for one now. Business Intelligence Data Analyst (mw). The analysis of data is your great passion, you are also both communicative and pro active and have the desire to work in an international team and to deepen your skills? Then you are exactly right with us!. Your tasks: Collecting requirements with different Business Stakeholders (Business Analysis). Analysis and maintenance of data and the corresponding logic. Conception, testing, implementation and maintenance of data objects in Oracle. Maintenance and optimization of the reporting landscape. Development and design of new applications or expansion of existing applications. Definition of technical specifications and standards as well as participation in project planning. Ongoing management of technical documentation. Testing of new applications up to their commissioning. Quality management and product training. Contact person for possible later product extensions. Maintenance of KPIs. You have: Completed university studies in the economic sector or a comparable IT education. Experience in data analysis and data visualization. Tableau knowledge of advantage. Excellent MSOffice knowledge, especially Excel. Knowledge of the following environments: Oracle PLSQL SQL DDL DML advantageous. Sound professional experience with BIS systems, knowledge of the BI data landscape are a plus. Good command of spoken and written English, German language skills are desirable. We offer: Varied tasks in an international environment. Various development opportunities within our organization. Social benefits of a modern large company (company canteen, pension fund subsidy, health program, etc.). An attractive remuneration from EUR 2. 500, grossMonat. Willingness to overpay with appropriate qualifications and experience. Please attach a CV and a meaningful letter of motivation to your application. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4741164, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness Offers, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Parking, Good connectivity, Education and training, Employee events, Flexible working hours, Home office, Company pension plan, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Supplementary insurance, UPC Austria, kcdn. atcompany27952278426logoupc. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1120, Wolfganggasse 5860, sameAs: upc. at
Senior Software Engineer (mw), Smarter Ecommerce GmbH, the Google AdWords specialist from Austria, has been developing technologies for e-commerce and online marketing since 2007. With over 100 smecies we serve more than 300 customers from different industries in seventeen countries. Ascending trend. Whoop! is the latest software technology from smec. Specially developed for online shops from all over the world, we generate a highly efficient campaign structure and use our algorithm worldwide for product-specific bid management. Senior Software Engineer (now, Linz, full time, WM). xe2x80xa6 because experience and agility are unbeatable !. PASSION FOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT. You are actively involved in the further development of our software products (xe2x86x92 Agile Manifesto). You help us handle complex data streams and relationships robustly and quickly (xe2x86x92 Reactive Manifesto). You have a passion for new topics and technologies (xe2x99xa5). WE, SMARTER ECOMMERCE, develop software products that help our customers worldwide succeed in online marketing. are a small team, develop agile and like Lean Principles. appreciate creative, quality-conscious and curious team players. YOUR EXPERIENCES IDEAL. FH or university studies and / or practical experience. Scala or Java 8KVMKnowHow. Spring Framework. RDBMS or NoSQL. HTML5 Single Page Applications (eg AngularJS). Microservice architectures. EventMessagedriven Systems. Optional: Spark, Cassandra, ElasticsearchStack, Largescale Systems, DevOps. WE OFFER. The chance in an agile and highly qualified team to help shape our software products because we are growing fast and in all areas. This requires the ongoing development of products, features and processes. A steep learning curve and direct know-how gain: strong growth requires problem-solving skills at all levels. Therefore, pairings, stand ups and teamwork are very important to us! Flexible working hours and great colleagues because: we like to work and a lot. But sometimes just calls the lake, the mountain or the children. We attach great importance to smecies go to the office with a smile. The salary for: success should be rewarded. We are happy when we can contribute to your life as you contribute to our success. LIKE INTERESTING ?. Then we look forward to receiving your application: Smarter Ecommerce GmbH Tabakfabrik Linz PeterBehrensPlatz 9 4th floor, stairs AC 4020 Linz recruiting @ smarterecommerce. com Web: smarterecommerce. com The ITKV is used. The minimum salary for full-time employment is EUR 3 500 gross, monthly. The willingness to overpayment is of course given appropriate experience and qualifications. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 4760342, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Smarter Ecommerce GmbH, kcdn. atcompany77793193685smeclogo. companymid. png, Linz, 4020, PeterBehrensPlatz 9 4th floor, sameAs: smarterecommerce. com
Big Data Operations Engineer (mw), Big Data Operations Engineer (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 67902. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 30. 04. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time indefinite. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 0%. Job Description. Is your ability to serve TMobile Austrias Operations Support Systems help shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate simply and reliably. Your task here: You are responsible for setting up and operating the Operations Support Systems of TMobile Austria. Specifically, you oversee the planning and operation of the Operations Support Systems and the Hadoop Platform. You work closely with the use case developers and control user accesses. They analyze and troubleshoot the servers that are being used Hard or the software. You ensure the documentation of system topologies and configurations. You work in projects and are responsible for the implementation of defined work packages. Requirements. They convince by their open, communicative personality and their analytical, independent working. They have a technical education (HTL, FH, TU) and could gain first professional experience in a similar position in the IT or telecommunications industry. They have very good LinuxUNIX and SQL Knowledge.First experiences with Hadoop are an advantage.English and German in word and writing are for you Selbstver.Kundenorientierung, commitment, flexibility (on call) and team player mentality you excel.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the Telekom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 400 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from € 38,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 300 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from € 38,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 4772051, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
IT Technician (mw) for Software Support Implementation IT infrastructure, Due to the continuous growth of our company, we are looking for reinforcement for our development center in 3350 Haag, Lower Austria. IT technician (mw). for software support implementation IT infrastructure. Your task is the support and implementation of our software applications at the customer, as well as the support of the in-house IT infrastructure and data protection as well as server administrations in virtual environments. Business Description: Since 1998, we develop our own MMS by KonCept standard software solutions for automobile manufacturing. In this way, we bring data to every single workstation as well as to logistics in real time and MMS by KonCept knows the quality data of each individual vehicle. With this we support the implementation of Industrie 4. 0 and Big Data for our customers. So far, around 12 million cars have been produced worldwide with our MMS by KonCept solutions. Our customers include well-known car manufacturers and suppliers. Their tasks: reading and understanding of (C #). Know How in Web Applications and SQL Databases. Targeted problem-solving behavior. Ability to communicate with customers. Teamwork, willingness to travel. Independent work style. Good knowledge of network, hardware and software of all kinds. Our offer: A very pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team. A demanding activity with exciting and varied tasks. Collaboration in a dedicated, dynamic and young team. We are required by law to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR 29,400 and is adjusted aliquot to the hours. Since we are never satisfied with the minimum, your actual annual target income is higher and will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. Have we sparked your interest? Share your passion for modern IT with us. We look forward to your meaningful application by email to jobs @ koncept. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Haag, Lower Austria, AT, 4825256, Internet, IT, Telecom,, KonCept Management Information Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany824293200818neu. companymid. jpg, Hague, 3350, Knillhof 12, sameAs: koncept. at
Software Developer (mw), Due to the continuous growth of our company, we are looking for reinforcement for our development center in 3350 Haag, Lower Austria. Software developer (mw). Their task is the development of software components based on C # and. NET as well as SQL Databases. Business Description: Since 1998, we develop our own MMS by KonCept standard software solutions for automobile manufacturing. In this way, we bring data to every single workstation as well as to logistics in real time and MMS by KonCept knows the quality data of each individual vehicle. With this we support the implementation of Industrie 4. 0 and Big Data for our customers. So far, around 12 million cars have been produced worldwide with our MMS by KonCept solutions. Our customers include well-known car manufacturers and suppliers. Qualifications: Sound experience and appropriate training in software development (Informatics HTL, FH, UNI or many years of practice). Very good knowledge of .Net development environments or Java. Profound programming knowledge (C #). Extensive know-how in web applications and SQL databases. Teamwork. Communication skills. Independent and structured way of working. Our offer: A very pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team. A demanding activity with exciting and varied tasks. Collaboration in a dedicated, dynamic and young team. We are required by law to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR 29,400 and is adjusted aliquot to the hours. Since we are never satisfied with the minimum, your actual annual target income is higher and will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. Have we sparked your interest? Share your passion for modern IT with us. We look forward to your meaningful application by email to jobs @ koncept. at., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Haag, Lower Austria, AT, 4825258, Internet, IT, Telecom,, KonCept Management Information Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany824293200818neu. companymid. jpg, Hague, 3350, Knillhof 12, sameAs: koncept. at
Software Test Engineer (mw), Due to the continuous growth of our company, we are looking for reinforcement for our development center in 3350 Haag, Lower Austria. Software Test Engineer (mw). Your task is the test automation. You develop test frameworks, create test drivers as well as test scripts and carry out software tests incl. Test logging. Company description: Since 1998 we develop our own MMS by KonCept standard software solutions for automotive production. In this way, we bring data to every single workstation as well as to logistics in real time and MMS by KonCept knows the quality data of each individual vehicle. With this we support the implementation of Industrie 4. 0 and Big Data for our customers. So far, around 12 million cars have been produced worldwide with our MMS by KonCept solutions. Our customers include well-known car manufacturers and suppliers. Their tasks: Sound experience and appropriate training in software development (computer science HTL, FH, UNI or many years of practice). Very good knowledge of .Net development environments or Java. An advantage is experience in the software test area (eg UnitTest creation or other test automation). Advantageous tool knowledge of test automation tools. An advantage is experience in software testing. Accuracy, analytical thinking. Our offer: A very pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated team. A demanding activity with exciting and varied tasks. Collaboration in a dedicated, dynamic and young team. We are required by law to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR 29,400 and is adjusted aliquot to the hours. Since we are never satisfied with the minimum, your actual annual target income is higher and will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. Have we sparked your interest? Share your passion for modern IT with us. We look forward to your meaningful application by email to jobs @ koncept. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Haag, Lower Austria, AT, 4825259, Internet, IT, Telecom,, KonCept Management Information Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany824293200818neu. companymid. jpg, Hague, 3350, Knillhof 12, sameAs: koncept. at
Business and IT Consultant (mw) Career opportunities in the SAP environment, Business and IT Consultant (mw) Career opportunities in the SAP environment. Join our international, multidisciplinary project team and support our rapidly expanding business unit IT Advisory in Vienna or Linz with know-how, dedication and enthusiasm. Become part of the KPMG team and experience how exciting and diverse the activities in an international company are. Your challenges with us. Consulting and solution finding for well-known national and international TOP-groups in Austria. Support of the customer management in the technical and technical solution finding in the areas. Finances and controlling. Business Intelligence with SAP. Human Resources with SAP. Cooperation in the analysis, conception and implementation of business processes with the latest SAP technologies (S4 HANA, FI, CO, BW Business Warehouse, BO Business Objects, Planning and Consolidation with BPC, BFC Business Objects Financial Consolidation, HCM, Success Factors, Cloud for Analytics, Hana Enterprise Cloud, Solution Manager, GRC, etc.). Your skills. Completed degree (University, University of Applied Sciences, etc.). Junior Consultant: First professional and technical experience in the above mentioned areas during your studies or internships. Interest in the combination of technical and technical topics such as Digital Transformation, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data. Senior Consultant: Sound knowledge in the areas of accounting, payroll, cost accounting and financial reporting. Several years of experience with SAP in relevant modules (implementation customization skills). First leadership experience and sales affinity. Project management skills. Professional appearance, personal initiative as well as team and service orientation. Negotiable English. Traveling. Excellent prospects. Responsible, versatile activities within an experienced team and in a rapidly expanding field. TopIT consulting with the most renowned large corporations. Enjoying work in the circle of enthusiastic colleagues and a pleasant working atmosphere with mutual support. Targeted training and development opportunities and transparent development opportunities. Performance-based pay. Depending on your experience, you will earn a salary of between EUR 35. 000 and EUR 90. 000, gross p. Based on full-time employment. a. Furthermore, you can count on a performance-based, individual bonus. Facts. Place. Linz, Vienna. Function. Advisory. Your contact. Contact Vienna Gisela Kreer BA Contact Linz Mag Viktoria Wallaberger BSc Interested ?. Then we look forward to receiving your online application including cover letter, CV and certificates. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4878365, law, taxes, economics,, KPMG Austria, kcdn. atcompany36032294638logokpmgoesterreich. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, porcelain cup 51, sameAs: kpmg. at
Bachelor Thesis: Development of an interface to assess VSM and Measurement Data in the Shift Strategy Assessment Software based on the AVL Simulation Desktop (mf), AVL is the worlds largest independent company for development of powertrains (combustion engines, hybrid systems, electric drive) as well as simulation and test systems for passenger cars, trucks and marine engines. We offer a bachelor thesis:Development of an interface to assess VSM and Measurement Data in the Shift Strategy Assessment Software based on the AVL Simulation Desktop. An existing software for a shift strategy assessment based on Python should be extended to assess VSM and Measurement data. The aim of this thesis is to build an interface of the Shift Strategy Assessment software with the advanced vehicle model in the environment of the AVL Simulation Desktop. Task:Development of an architecture for interface of VSM and Measurement Data in the Shift Strategy Assessment Software. Assess reproducibility for measurement data for different drivers. Development of a routine to detect specific driving maneuversevents.Development of a routine to deal with fragmentary data to assure sufficient reproducibility of the Shift Strategy Assessment software. Establishment of an algorithm to combine data points of the detected events. Discussion of uncertainty for the rating.Definition and detection of different evaluation areas depending on the driving situation. Design structuring of the User Interface according to the possibilities and features of the AVL Simulation Desktop framework. Development of criteria to assess shift strategy for VSM and Measurement data.Support of development. Study:Software engineering and Business. Computer Science. Information Computer Engineering. Requirements:Programming experience in Python. Basic knowledge in statistics. Good command of English. Independent, goaloriented work. Remuneration: The successful completion of the thesis is a onetime fee of EUR 2. 500, gross remuneration. Contact: DI Gerhard Kokalj Skill Team Leader PC Transmission Hybrid Calibration Tel. : 43 316 787 2517 gerhard. kokalj@avl. com avl. commasterandphdthesis. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, OTHER, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 4881415, Sonstige Branchen, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Bachelor Thesis: Development of an interface between Shift Strategy Assessment Software based on the AVL Simulation Desktop and the Transmission Control Unit (mf), AVL is the worlds largest independent company for development of powertrains (combustion engines, hybrid systems, electric drive) as well as simulation and test systems for passenger cars, trucks and marine engines. We offer a bachelor thesis:Development of an interface between Shift Strategy Assessment Software based on the AVL Simulation Desktop and the Transmission Control Unit. An existing software for a shift strategy assessment based on Python should be extended to an interface to the invehicle Transmission Control Unit (TCU). The aim of this thesis is to enable the Shift Strategy Assessment Software to directly communicate with the TCU to support calibration engineers.Task:Development of an architecture for the interface of the Shift Strategy Assessment Software and various calibration tools (e. g. Inca, Canape, xe2x80xa6). Design structuring of the User Interface according to the possibilities and features of the AVL Simulation Desktop framework. Analysis and implementation of retrievingreading out data from the TCU (. a2l,hex,dcm). Development of a routine to transform data of the TCU for different Software Functional frameworks and exchanging it with the Shift Strategy Assessment Software. Implementation of an assessment of the retrieved data with the Shift Strategy Assessment Software. Development of a communication between the Shift Strategy Assessment Software and the TCU by load data into calibration tools. Support of development. Study:Software engineering and Business. Computer Science. Information Computer Engineering. Requirements:Programming experience in Python. Good command of English. Independent, goaloriented work. Remuneration: The successful completion of the thesis is a onetime fee of EUR 2. 500, gross remuneration. Contact: DI Gerhard Kokalj Skill Team Leader PC Transmission Hybrid Calibration Tel. : 43 316 787 2517 gerhard. kokalj@avl. com avl. commasterandphdthesis. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, OTHER, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 4881420, Sonstige Branchen, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Bachelor Thesis: Development of a Software Architecture for the Shift Strategy Assessment Software based on the AVL Simulation Desktop (mf), AVL is the worlds largest independent company for development of powertrains (combustion engines, hybrid systems, electric drive) as well as simulation and test systems for passenger cars, trucks and marine engines. We offer a bachelor thesis:Development of a Software Architecture for the Shift Strategy Assessment Software based on the AVL Simulation Desktop. Task:Analysis of existing software and target environment (AVL Simulation Desktop). Evaluation of possibilities to carry over structure code of the existing software into the final PlugIn. Break down of the resulting architecture into tasks work packages and maintaining a critical path regarding timing estimation. Redesign restructuring of the User Interface according to the possibilities and features of the AVL Simulation Desktop framework. Development of an architecture for the simplified vehicle model and current state of the software as PlugIn for AVL Simulation Desktop. Development of an extended architecture for handling AVL VSM simulation data as input for shift pattern assessment. Development of an extended architecture for handling Measurement data as input for shift pattern assessment. Close cooperation and communication with the software development team and support of the development iteration planning. Support of development. Study:Software engineering and Business. Computer Science. Information Computer Engineering. Requirements:Programming experience in Python, Java, Matlab. Experience in developing Software Architecture. Good command of English. Independent, goaloriented work. Remuneration: The successful completion of the thesis is a onetime fee of EUR 2. 500, gross remuneration. Contact: DI Gerhard Kokalj Skill Team Leader PC Transmission Hybrid Calibration Tel. : 43 316 787 2517 gerhard. kokalj@avl. com avl. commasterandphdthesis. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 4881421, Sonstige Branchen, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
IT Operations Engineer Big Data (mw), IT Operations Engineer Big Data (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 72332. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 30. 04. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time indefinite. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 0%. Job Description. Is your ability to serve the IP network of TMobile Austria help shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate simply and reliably. Your task here: You are responsible for setting up and operating the Operations Support Systems of TMobile Austria. Specifically, you are responsible for the TMA BigData Hadoop and the TMA XEN virtualization platform. Specifically, you are responsible for the planning and operation of the Big Data Hadoop and XEN virtualization platform. You work closely with developers to implement controlled user access for new BigData applications work on continuous improvements to optimize the availability and performance of OSS systems. They analyze and troubleshoot servers, software and hardware disruptions. They ensure the documentation of system topologies and configurations. They work in projects and are responsible for the implementation of defined work packages. Conditions. They convince by their open, communicative personality and their analytical, independent working. They have a technical education (HTL, FH, TU) and were able to gain first work experience in a similar position in the IT or telecommunications industry. They have very good Linux SQL and scripting Knowledge.You have experience with the IP protocol and IP networks.First experiences with Hadoop and virtualization platforms are an advantage.English and German in spoken and written are natural for you.Kundenorientierung, commitment, flexibility (on call) as well as team player mentality distinguish you.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the telecom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 300 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from € 38,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 300 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from € 38,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 4890006, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Project Manager Digital Sales, RB290. Our diversity Your chance. As the strongest regional bank in Austria, Raiffeisenlandesbank Oberösterreich focuses on people who contribute their creative power, responsibility and motivation. You have a wide range of job profiles and career opportunities with interesting tasks that go well beyond the core banking business available. We offer dedicated individuals the earliest possible entry into full-time employment in the following capacity: Project Manager Digital Sales. Place of employment: Linz. Main activities. Development, conception and implementation of the digital distribution. Interface function between technical requirement and programming. Tracking the current (digital) market development. Creation of customer-specific online solutions taking into account the omni-channel strategy. Analysis and ongoing optimization of online processes. Networked working with the product departments, digital marketing and classic bank branch sales. Organization and implementation of workshops and innovation labs. Your qualifications. Experience in the management of digitization projects. Knowledge in Data Mining. Knowledge of common technologies and trends. Very good knowledge of English. Contact and team ability. Assertiveness and resilience. High analytical thinking and working method. Our range. You will receive a very attractive compensation package that matches your qualifications and experience. For legal reasons, we point out that we offer a minimum annual salary starting from EUR 40,000 gross for this position as well as market-conforming overpayment and attractive social benefits. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Claudia Strauß, MA, Tel.: 43 732 6596 27714, will get in touch with you immediately. Applications under enteryourfuture. Claudia Strauß, MA, Tel.: 43 732 6596 27714, will contact you. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 4906507, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, Raiffeisen Oberösterreich, kcdn. atcompany39191155472logoraiffeisenobersterreich. companymid. png, Linz, 4020, Europaplatz 1a, sameAs: raiffeisenooe. at
(Junior) IT Security Specialist (mw) with BIAffinity, Ventum Consulting is an international technology and management consulting firm with over 120 employees in Vienna, Munich and Foshan (China). We support divisions in the reorientation of their strategies and processes and strengthen the company IT as an innovator. Our strength lies in our outstanding team. With professional expertise and industry knowledge, creative potential, high commitment and entrepreneurial approach, our employees manage to think outside the box and master challenging tasks. (Junior) IT Security Specialist (mw) with BIAffinity. Vienna. Full time. We would like to further expand our position as Austrias leading Identity Access Management consultant. In doing so, we rely on the market leaders of CuttingEdgeSolutions and bring in our expertise in system integration in complex corporate structures. As a member of the Ventum Expert Group for IAM Information Security, you are making a significant contribution to achieving our ambitious goals and supporting us in the development of the areas of Customer IAM, Security Information Event Management (SIEM) and Security Vulnerability Management (SVM). You design IT solutions in the area of ​​Identity Access Management (IAM), Customer IAM, Security Information Event Management and Security Vulnerability and integrate them into the system landscape of our customers. They accompany the projects from the first customer contact, the requirement survey, the creation of the integration concept over the customizing and testing up to the successful acceptance by the customer and take over work package responsibility. They build up know-how in the area of ​​IT security and data engineering or the analysis of large amounts of data and assume more and more responsibility. Your profile. You have successfully completed your studies in the field of (business) computer science or in the technical or scientific subjects with IT-relevance. They gained first professional experience in IT project work in the consulting environment. They are very interested in information security. Ideally, they could already gain experience in business intelligence. They bring advanced software engineering methodology skills and are also very familiar with agile software development. You have solid experience with an object-oriented programming language (ideally Java) and software development, even if software development is not a priority. They have excellent analytical skills and a proactive, independent working style and enjoy customer contact. They speak German and English fluently. That awaits you with us. very exciting and responsible tasks at a hidden champion. the opportunity to actively shape the company. Excellent career opportunities from consultant to partner. extensive internal and external training. very good working atmosphere. Apply now with your online profile !. Send us your meaningful CV or social media profile (eg Xing, LinkedIn, etc.) and relevant credentials, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date. If you have any questions, please contact our HR Manager Sonja Strohmer (01535 34 22 195). We look forward to receiving your application. Apply now. For legal reasons, we point out that the collective agreement minimum salary of this position is EUR 2.281, 92 grossMonat. Significant overpayment is offered.Diverse for best results: Ventum Consulting stands for equal opportunities and diversity. We value all applications regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social background and other individual characteristics. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4915925, Consulting, Sponsors mentoring program, Education and training, Employee events, Ventum Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany172621375815logoventumconsultinggmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Ernst Melchior Gasse 24, sameAs: ventumconsulting. com
IT Security Professional (mw) with BIAffinity, Ventum Consulting is an international technology and management consulting firm with over 120 employees in Vienna, Munich and Foshan (China). We support divisions in the reorientation of their strategies and processes and strengthen the company IT as an innovator. Our strength lies in our outstanding team. With professional expertise and industry knowledge, creative potential, a high degree of commitment and entrepreneurial approach, our employees manage to think outside the box and master challenging tasks. IT Security Professional (mw) with BIAffinity. Vienna. Full time. We would like to further expand our position as Austrias leading Identity Access Management consultant. In doing so, we rely on the market leaders of CuttingEdgeSolutions and bring in our expertise in system integration in complex corporate structures. As a member of the Ventum Expert Group for IAM Information Security, you are making a significant contribution to achieving our ambitious goals and supporting us in the development of the areas of Customer IAM, Security Information Event Management (SIEM) and Security Vulnerability Management (SVM). You design IT solutions in the area of ​​Identity Access Management (IAM), Customer IAM, Security Information Event Management and Security Vulnerability and integrate them into the system landscape of our customers. They accompany the projects from the first customer contact, the requirement survey, the creation of the integration concept over the customizing and testing up to the successful acceptance by the customer. You will deepen your know-how in the field of IT security and data engineering or the analysis of large amounts of data and coach young project team members. They are further developing the IT security consulting service. Your profile. You have successfully completed your studies in the field of (business) computer science or in the technical or scientific subjects with IT-relevance. They gained about 2 years of professional experience in IT project work in the consulting environment. You are very interested in further developing your information security knowledge (certifications such as CISSP are an advantage). Ideally, they were able to gain their first experience in business intelligence. They bring advanced software engineering methodology skills and are also very familiar with agile software development. You have solid experience with an object-oriented programming language (ideally Java) and software development. They have excellent analytical skills and a proactive, independent working style and enjoy customer contact. They speak German and English fluently. That awaits you with us. very exciting and responsible tasks at a hidden champion. the opportunity to actively shape the company. Excellent career opportunities from consultant to partner. extensive internal and external training. very good working atmosphere. Apply now with your online profile !. Send us your meaningful CV or social media profile (eg Xing, LinkedIn, etc.) and relevant credentials, stating your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date. If you have any questions, please contact our HR Manager Sonja Strohmer (01535 34 22 195). We look forward to receiving your application. Apply now. For legal reasons, we point out that the collective agreement minimum salary of this position is EUR 2.441, 64 gross month. There is a very significant overpayment offered. Diverse for best results: Ventum Consulting stands for equal opportunities and diversity. We value all applications regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social background and other individual characteristics. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4915933, Consulting, mentoring mentor program, training and education, employee events, Ventum Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany172621375815logoventumconsultinggmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Ernst Melchior Gasse 24, sameAs: ventumconsulting. com
IT Business Analyst for our Enterprise Data Warehouse (mf), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).IT Business Analyst for our Enterprise Data Warehouse (mf). IT Delivery DWH is responsible for all innovations and operations in our Enterprise Data Warehouse area, which is the basis for RBI bank steering (Finance, Risk). In our international team intercultural skills and customer orientation are key success factors.In order to strengthen our team, we are looking for a Senior Business Analyst responsible for managing the business analysis team, facilitating and challenging requirements to shape the next generation data architecture to fulfill regulatory requirements.Therefore, we expect strong analytical and methodological skills as well as proven experience in leading teams.Your tasks:Support business lines in definition of new IT requirements and change requests. Analyse and document business requirements change requests business processes, take part in feasibility studies. Supports Product Owner in structuring and breaking down the backlog. Perform structured system analysis and effort estimations. Facilitates requirements workshops. Elaborates detailed mappings for interfaces. Supports test case design and definition of acceptance criteria. Support development and test teams during implementation. Assists in troubleshooting of software application issues and incidents. Engage in cross department business analysis initiatives (knowhow exchange). Define and implement methodologies and best practices. Supports system and user acceptance tests (UAT). Your qualifications:University degree or similar with business or technical background (ideally Consulting background). Minimum 3 years of experience in the banking industry, preferable in the Data Warehouse Business Intelligence area. Minimum 3 years of experience in Business Analysis and Requirements Engineering. Good knowledge of the most important bank steering business processes (finance, risk management). Very good knowledge of requirements engineering methods. Good data modeling and SQL knowledge. Very good communication, presentation and facilitation skills. Team player, Customer orientation. Experience with SCRUM is an advantage. High level of commitment and motivation. Analytical, resultoriented and structured way of working. Fluent knowledge of English. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 46. 500, annual gross salary excl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4924696, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Senior IT Business Analyst for our Enterprise Data Warehouse (mw), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Senior IT Business Analyst for our Enterprise Data Warehouse (mw). Our unit is responsible for all innovations and operations in our Enterprise Data Warehouse area, which is the basis for RBI bank steering (Finance, Risk). In our international team intercultural skills and customer orientation are key success factors.In order to strengthen our team, we are looking for a Senior Business Analyst responsible for managing the business analysis team, facilitating and challenging requirements to shape the next generation data architecture to fulfill regulatory requirements.Therefore, we expect strong analytical and methodological skills as well as proven experience in leading teams.Your tasks:Coordinate team activities and continuously improve internal processes. Analyse business requirements change requests business processes. Define and implement methodologies and best practices. Takes leadership and facilitates workshops. Coordinate business concept development and run feasibility studies. Assure delivery quality and seamless cooperation with other teams. Support development and test teams during implementation. Support application management to solve incidents. Engage in cross department business analysis initiatives (knowhow exchange). Performs structured system analysis and effort estimations. Supports Product Owner in structuring and breaking down the backlog. Supports system and user acceptance tests (UAT). Your qualifications:University degree or similar with business or technical background (ideally Consulting background). Minimum 3 years of experience in the banking industry, preferable in the Data Warehouse Business Intelligence area. Minimum 3 years of experience in Business Analysis and Requirements Engineering. Good knowledge of the most important bank steering business processes (finance, risk management). Very good knowledge of requirements engineering methods. Good data modeling and SQL knowledge. Very good communication, presentation and facilitation skills. Team player, Customer orientation. Experience with SCRUM is an advantage. High level of commitment and motivation. Analytical, resultoriented and structured way of working. Fluent knowledge of English. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 60. 000, annual gross salary incl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4924697, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
IT Big Data Analytics Consultant, Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).IT Big Data Analytics Consultant (mf). We are in the process of setting up the RBI Center of Excellence for Analytics. For this reason we want to strengthen our international team and we are looking for ambitious candidates who will support us. in. predict and optimize business outcomes increase customer loyalty by offering the right product at the right time. increase up and crossselling of products and services among BLs. leverage the distribution of products along digital and nondigital channels. product innovation and agility in implementation on the basis of a multichannel architecture. establish a joint crossfunctional group to increase synergies (e. g. tools, resources, knowhow). You will act in between business and IT, linking both worlds not just with your business and technical knowhow, but as well with your personality.Your tasks:Handson experiences in data discovery, blending data and data cleansing for analytical purposes from various sources of data (e. g. internal data warehouses, weblogs, social media, data market providers). Operating of an explorative environment for analytical purposes on cloud infrastructure providers (SaaS with e. g. Microsoft Azure or Amazon Web Services). Design and build data pipelines based on structured and unstructured data. Scripting skills (e. g. Phython or other programming languages). Translate data analysis findings and research principles into written documents. Visualize and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that appropriately provides insights for the target audience. Your qualifications:Graduate Degree in computer sciences or equivalent certified training. Proven experience in inspecting, cleansing, transforming and modelling of data. Understand how and when to apply MapReduce. Excellent knowledge of cloud providers (e. g. AWS certification). Excellent knowledge in Apache Hadoop Ecosystem (e. g. Cloudera or Horton Works). Good knowledge in operation of Cloud Services for explorative purposes (Sandbox). Knowledge in HBase, Hive, Sqoop, Oozie technologies. Knowledge in NoSQL technologies (Mongo, CouchDB, Cassandra, Neo4j). Exposed to Spark, Impala. Know How in Visualisation and BI Tools. Experience in working in agile teams (Scrum, Kanban). You are a team player with strategic thinking and a handson approach, who appreciates the opportunity to work in an international environment on analytics product and services of strategic importance, working closely together with data science, and technology experts. Fluent knowledge of English; German is appreciated, but not mandatory. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 60. 000 annual gross salary incl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4929585, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Consultant Consultant for IT Security IT Infrastructure (Cloud, Data Center, Workplace, Network, Service Management), ORIGINAL WANTED !. Anyone who not only wants to watch the digital transformation, but wants to take responsibility, above all, needs one thing: people who make the difference with their own life plans and their own minds. Accenture has a lot of it. Why it is like that? Because diverse interests, unusual CVs and ambitious private lives not only have a place for us, but also a home. Consultant Consultant for IT Security IT Infrastructure (Cloud, Data Center, Workplace, Network, Service Management). Job number 00508666. Vienna. Full Time Employee. With professional experience. Make the difference with us. At Accenture Cloud Consulting Operations, we give businesses a boost: by combining our experience in business process adoption with BPO, security, cloud and infrastructure services on-demand, quickly and efficiently. In this way our customers save money and reach new spheres in the area of ​​IT security and IT infrastructure. Not only WHAT matters to us, but HOW you do it Your way leads you to Accenture GmbH and there into an international IT consulting team! As a member of the Infrastructure Services team, you demonstrate your strengths in the development and implementation of future-oriented IT strategies in the context of customer projects in which you are involved in optimizing your IT strategy, organization, architecture, security and infrastructure You assist the customer in one or more of the following challenges: Modern IT workstations. Mobile devices. Virtualization of network, storage and processing power with or without cloud. Automation. Efficient operation. ITIL and process landscape in IT and data center operations. Remote Management, Collaboration. LANWANVoiceVideo. Identity Access Management. Server operating systems and architectures as well as storage solutions. In Security, you will analyze, evaluate and optimize: IT processes and IT-based business processes with regard to considered control points and existing risks (eg SoD), processes related to regulatory requirements, internal requirements and aspects of general compliance control systems, IT risk management and performance In addition, you support the acquisition of new customer projects, for example, by the creation of offers or the implementation of customer presentations. Depending on your previous work experience, you take over employees and Projektverantwortung.Your background. In the field of infrastructure: A well-completed university degree and sound practice in the construction and operation of IT infrastructures. As broad as deep knowledge in at least one of the mentioned topics. Project ManagementKnowhow in complex projects with infrastructure and process components. In the field of security: Completed degree, eg business administration, (business) computer science or industrial engineering, and (first) consulting and / or audit experience in the area of ​​governance, risk, compliance with focus on IT. If possible certifications, z. CISSP, ISSMP, COBIT, ISO, SABSA, iTIL, CISA, CISM, CFSA, CIA. (Basics) Knowledge of general regulatory and industry - specific requirements for information security standards such as GoBs, SOX, MaRisk, ISO, ISF etc.Ideally know - how in SAP authorization management, in GRC solutions (SAP GRC, RSA Aveksa, SIAM), identity management solutions or similar applications and tools BusinessContinuity and DisasterRecovery methods. Problem-solving competence and strong analytical skills to recognize the overall picture and to separate the essential from the non-essential. Strong communication and a high customer orientation. Very good German and English. Team spirit, flexibility and a high willingness to travel. We offer a very attractive compensation package that matches your qualification and experience. You have the opportunity to actively influence your annual income based on your individual performance. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 33. 316, 78 gross per annum, but that we are prepared to pay a higher fee as stated. APPLY NOW. That distinguishes us. Innovation leader Accenture is always in tune with the times. We play an active role in shaping digitization, are strategic thought leaders and technological pioneers. This is how we empower companies and entire industries.Corporate Culture Our culture is characterized by innovation and team spirit, as well as by the intensive knowledge and experience within our global network. Market Success We serve more than 4,000 clients in over 120 countries, many of which are the most successful and prestigious Companies in their industry. Among them 29 of the DAX30 companies. TASK DIVERSITY More diversity is hardly possible: We accompany customers from 40 industries across the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Further Education and Career Our training offer ranges from online courses and virtual training to classroom seminars. We invest over $ 800 million a year in employee education. Women at Accenture More than 130,000 women work at Accenture today. By 2017, we want to increase its share of new hires worldwide to 40%. Women benefit from special training, mentoring and networking.Flexible work When planning our projects, we take into account the living conditions of our employees. State-of-the-art technologies enable location-independent and flexible working.Social responsibility Our social commitment as a company is anchored in our core values. Together with our employees, we want to make a sustainable, measurable contribution to society. Your contact. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Ms. Anna Riessland, Recruiting Lead Austria, anna. ries country @ Accenture. com. Accenture your new home. When it comes to strengthening the performance of companies and leading them into the digital age, no-one is fooling us. As one of the worlds leading service providers, we offer a broad range of services and solutions to customers in more than 120 countries, including the most successful and prestigious in their industry. In our areas of strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, we consistently drive innovation. What makes us unique: We accompany the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Learn more. Facebook Twitter Google Media. Accenture is an employer for equal opportunity and welcomes applications from all parts of society. We do not discriminate against people based on race, belief, origin, disability, age, nationality, marital status, partnership status, sexual orientation, gender or other legitimate reasons. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4930086, Law, Taxes, Economics, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Mentor Mentoring Program, Conveniently Connected, Education & Training, EmployeeEvents, Educational leave, flexible working hours, home office, occupational pensions, employee benefits, employee participation, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, Accenture GmbH, kcdn. atcompany36483177564logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Stock Exchange Building, Schottenring 16, sameAs: accenture. at
Consultant Consultant in Software Engineering (Architecture, Databases, Mobile Applications, Java, NET, ATA, C #), ORIGINAL WANTED !. Anyone who not only wants to enter uncharted territory, but wants to help shape it, needs one thing above all else: people who make the difference. Accenture has a lot of it. People like Nora, for example. Why it is like that? Because diverse interests, unusual CVs and ambitious private lives have not only a place, but a home with us. Consultant Consultant in software engineering (architecture, databases, mobile applications, Java, NET, ATA, C #). Job number 00508662. Vienna. Full Time Employee. With professional experience. Make the difference with us. At Accenture Technology you are implementing powerful technologies with top customers and delivering tangible results. You combine your industry knowledge with your technological expertise to provide companies with high-quality and innovative solutions access to the IT world of tomorrow. Not only WHAT matters to us, but HOW you do it Your way leads you to Accenture Technology Solutions GmbH Vienna Team that takes over the development, implementation and maintenance of complex IT solutions from renowned local customers. Here, you play a central role in analyzing, solving and implementing special requirements and challenges of our customers. They analyze the technical requirements of our customers, design the technical design of the implementation and coordinate with the realization of the various technical and technical aspects depending on your experience. Implement complex business solutions using advanced technologies (eg Spring, Hibernate, JSF, JQuery, AJAX, REST, JSON), stateoftheart architectures and design patterns for different platforms (desktop, web, mobile, tablet, etc.). Define the technical Architecture and its optimal provision for defined projects, products or platforms (runtime architecture, operating architecture, development processes and methods). Is your focus on individually adapted architectural concepts and complex individual solutions (eg based on JavaJEE). We attach great importance to a mix of innovative technologies (eg NoSQL, Big Data, cloud, machine learning) and proven architecture, so that the ideal solution for our customers. Optimize the solutions also with regard to non-functional requirements (performance, efficiency, Scalability, etc.). Over the entire project process, you serve the customer as an important contact person and advise on decisions. In carrying out these activities, you will find suitable fields of application both as an experienced employee in a leadership role and as a subject matter expert. Your background. A relevant degree (FH or university) or a completed vocational training in IT (HTL), preferably with a focus on application development. Min. 3 years of experience and sound practice in programming, testing, implementing and / or designing software solutions, even with agile software development methods (especially Scrum). Very good knowledge of one of the following areas: Java SEEE, databases, mobile applications, NET, ATA, C #, DB, Mobile, ETI, Spring, Hibernate or WebServices. Ideally, experience with Application Server (eg Tomcat, JBoss or WebSphere). In-depth knowledge in the design of architectures in complex system environments also with regard to non-functional requirements. Possibly. Knowledge of any of the following: HTML5CSS, JavaScript, Angular, NodeJS, PhoneGap, or Bootstrap. Very good analytic-conceptual skills. Teamplayer qualities and communication strength. Good German and English skills. We offer a very attractive compensation package that matches your qualification and experience. You have the opportunity to actively influence your annual income based on your individual performance. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 31. 137, 26 gross annually, but that we are prepared, as stated, to pay a higher fee. APPLY NOW. Your technological environment. MA xE2x80xA2 SAP xE2x80xA2 Financial Services xE2x80xA2 PMO xE2x80xA2 Cloud Infrastructure xE2x80xA2 xE2x80xA2 Digital Marketing Analytics Sales xE2x80xA2 Customer Service xE2x80xA2 Mobile App Design xE2x80xA2 Data Quality migration xE2x80xA2 Architecture xE2x80xA2 Java xE2x80xA2 Testing xE2x80xA2 Oracle. That distinguishes us. Innovation leader Accenture is always in tune with the times. We play an active role in shaping digitization, are strategic thought leaders and technological pioneers. This is how we empower companies and entire industries.Corporate Culture Our culture is characterized by innovation and team spirit, as well as by the intensive knowledge and experience within our global network. Market Success We serve more than 4,000 clients in over 120 countries, many of which are the most successful and prestigious Companies in their industry. Among them 29 of the DAX30 companies. TASK DIVERSITY More diversity is hardly possible: We accompany customers from 40 industries across the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Further Education and Career Our training offer ranges from online courses and virtual training to classroom seminars. We invest over $ 800 million a year in employee education. Women at Accenture More than 130,000 women work at Accenture today. By 2017, we want to increase its share of new hires worldwide to 40%. Women benefit from special training, mentoring and networking.Flexible work When planning our projects, we take into account the living conditions of our employees. State-of-the-art technologies enable location-independent and flexible working.Social responsibility Our social commitment as a company is anchored in our core values. Together with our employees, we want to make a sustainable, measurable contribution to society. Your contact. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Ms. Anna Riessland, Recruiting Lead Austria, anna. ries country @ Accenture. com. Accenture your new home. When it comes to strengthening the performance of companies and leading them into the digital age, no-one is fooling us. As one of the worlds leading service providers, we offer a broad range of services and solutions to customers in more than 120 countries, including the most successful and prestigious in their industry. In our areas of strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, we consistently drive innovation. What makes us unique: We accompany the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Learn more. Facebook Twitter Google Media. Accenture is an employer for equal opportunity and welcomes applications from all parts of society. We do not discriminate against people based on race, belief, origin, disability, age, nationality, marital status, partnership status, sexual orientation, gender or other legitimate reasons. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4930088, Law, Taxes, Economy, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good Connections, Education & Training, EmployeeEvents, Educational leave, flexible working hours, home office, occupational pensions, employee benefits, employee participation, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, Accenture GmbH, kcdn. atcompany36483177564logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Stock Exchange Building, Schottenring 16, sameAs: accenture. at
Software Testerin Tester (Test Management, Test Automation, Test Strategy, Test Design), ORIGINAL WANTED !. Anyone who not only wants to enter uncharted territory, but wants to help shape it, needs one thing above all else: people who make the difference. Accenture has a lot of it. People like Nora, for example. Why it is like that? Because diverse interests, unusual CVs and ambitious private lives are not just a place for us, but a home. Software Testerin Tester (test management, test automation, test strategy, test design). Job number 00508655. Vienna. Full Time Employee. With professional experience. Make the difference with us. At Accenture Technology you are implementing powerful technologies with top customers and delivering tangible results. You combine your industry knowledge with your technological expertise to provide companies with high-quality and innovative solutions access to the IT world of tomorrow. Not only WHAT matters to us, but HOW you do it Your way leads you to Accenture Technology Solutions GmbH Vienna a leading company in the world Testing Services division, which handles the design, development and maintenance of complex IT solutions for well-known local and international clients. Here, you play a central role in the analysis, solving and implementation of special requirements and challenges of our customers. You are involved in the preparation and review of requirements and specifications in agile teams. Your specific tasks include the development of test strategies, Quality assurance, the creation of test cases, test scripts and test data and their implementation. This includes the topic of test automation, but also the recording of errors and the documentation of the results. In addition, you develop concepts and measures for risk minimization, quality assurance, continuous process improvement and problem solving. In performing these activities, you will find both as an experienced employee in one Leadership as well as subject matter suitable Einsatzfelder.Wir offer the following areas of application: Test strategy and management. Functional Testing. Non-functional testing. Security Testing. Load and performance testing. Test automation (Selenium, TOSCA, HP UFT, Worksoft etc.). Testing with Artificial Intelligence. IoTTesting. Mobile Testing. Your background. A degree with an IT focus or a completed IT education. Min. 3 years of experience and in-depth practice in one or more of the following areas: functional testing, system testing, interface testing, test automation, performance testing, test environment management, acceptance testing, test data management or test management. An ISTQB certification is an advantage. Knowledge of software development processes (Agile, VModell etc.) and test methods. Depending on the area, mastery of programming languages ​​is an advantage. Teamplayer qualities and communication strength. Good German and English skills. We offer a very attractive compensation package that matches your qualification and experience. You have the opportunity to actively influence your annual income based on your individual performance. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 31. 137, 26 gross annually, but that we are prepared, as stated, to pay a higher fee. APPLY NOW. Your technological environment. MA xE2x80xA2 SAP xE2x80xA2 Financial Services xE2x80xA2 PMO xE2x80xA2 Cloud Infrastructure xE2x80xA2 xE2x80xA2 Digital Marketing Analytics Sales xE2x80xA2 Customer Service xE2x80xA2 Mobile App Design xE2x80xA2 Data Quality migration xE2x80xA2 Architecture xE2x80xA2 Java xE2x80xA2 Testing xE2x80xA2 Oracle. That distinguishes us. Innovation leader Accenture is always in tune with the times. We play an active role in shaping digitization, are strategic thought leaders and technological pioneers. This is how we empower companies and entire industries.Corporate Culture Our culture is characterized by innovation and team spirit, as well as by the intensive knowledge and experience within our global network. Market Success We serve more than 4,000 clients in over 120 countries, many of which are the most successful and prestigious Companies in their industry. Among them 29 of the DAX30 companies. TASK DIVERSITY More diversity is hardly possible: We accompany customers from 40 industries across the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Further Education and Career Our training offer ranges from online courses and virtual training to classroom seminars. We invest over $ 800 million a year in employee education. Women at Accenture More than 130,000 women work at Accenture today. By 2017, we want to increase its share of new hires worldwide to 40%. Women benefit from special training, mentoring and networking.Flexible work When planning our projects, we take into account the living conditions of our employees. State-of-the-art technologies enable location-independent and flexible working.Social responsibility Our social commitment as a company is anchored in our core values. Together with our employees, we want to make a sustainable, measurable contribution to society. Your contact. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Ms. Anna Riessland, Recruiting Lead Austria, anna. ries country @ Accenture. com. Accenture your new home. When it comes to strengthening the performance of companies and leading them into the digital age, no-one is fooling us. As one of the worlds leading service providers, we offer a broad range of services and solutions to customers in more than 120 countries, including the most successful and prestigious in their industry. In our areas of strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, we consistently drive innovation. What makes us unique: We accompany the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Learn more. Facebook Twitter Google Media. Accenture is an employer for equal opportunity and welcomes applications from all parts of society. We do not discriminate against people based on race, belief, origin, disability, age, nationality, marital status, partnership status, sexual orientation, gender or other legitimate reasons. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4930089, Law, Taxes, Economy, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good Connections, Education & Training, EmployeeEvents, Educational leave, flexible working hours, home office, occupational pensions, employee benefits, employee participation, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, Accenture GmbH, kcdn. atcompany36483177564logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Stock Exchange Building, Schottenring 16, sameAs: accenture. at
ITTrainee Program (Java, Testing, Business Analysis, SAP ABAP, Digital, Scrum, Salesforce, PEGA, ITChange Management, Project Management), ORIGINAL WANTED !. Anyone who not only wants to enter uncharted territory, but wants to help shape it, needs one thing above all else: people who make the difference. Accenture has a lot of it. People like Nora, for example. Why it is like that? Because diverse interests, unusual CVs and ambitious private life do not only have a place for us, but also a home. IT program (Java, Testing, Business Analysis, SAP ABAP, Digital, Scrum, Salesforce, PEGA, ITChange Management, Project Management). Job number 00508663. Vienna. Full Time Employee. Entry-level position. Make the difference with us. At Accenture Technology you are implementing powerful technologies with top customers and delivering tangible results. You combine your industry knowledge with your technological expertise to provide companies with high-quality and innovative solutions access to the IT world of tomorrow. Not only WHAT matters to us, but HOW you do it Your way leads you to Accenture Technology Solutions GmbH Vienna and there Team focused on technology applications: to advise customers of all industries around the implementation of innovative solutions and their integration into the existing IT landscape in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. With our 1 or 2-month JumpStart Intensive Training in Kronberg near Frankfurt (DE), you will develop into a sought-after specialist with unusual speed. There, we will prepare you with practical training courses by professional trainers for your future project assignments in our international teams. Depending on which intensive training you choose, immerse yourself in: Java: Java SE, Java EE, C #, Hibernate, User Interfaces, Android App Development. SAP ABAP: SAP Basics, ABAP, SAP Hana, SAPWeb Technologies. Business Analysis Testing: Analysis of business processes, definition of requirements for IT solutions, testing of implementation). Quality Assurance and Test Automation: Agile, DevOps, Performance Engineering, Testing. Digital: Interactive: UserExperience, Frontend, Adobe. Analytics: Big Data, Informatics, Data Warehousing. Agile Requirements Engineering Scrum Master: Leading the way in agile product development (with a focus on software), you drive the further implementation and continuous improvement of agile methods in the Accenture community, but also in a wide variety of customers and industries. We use methodologies such as Scrum, SAFe and Kanban to ensure iterative product development. Salesforce: SFDC, Force. com, Veeva, Workday, Cornerstone, Google Apps for Work, SaaS. PEGA: Pega PRPC, Pega for Marketing, Sales Automation, Customer Service. Project Management: Project Planning, Controlling, Reporting, MS Project, Share Point Basics. ITChange Management: organizational changes, requirements analysis, communication measures. Upon successful completion of the program, you will receive a jump start certificate and thus have the best prerequisite for an exciting career path at Accenture Technology. Your background. A relevant degree (FH or university) or a completed IT training (HTL). First practical experience in the desired area. Very good analytic-conceptual skills and a pronounced willingness to learn. Teamplayer qualities and communication strength. Depending on the area, project-related mobility and enjoyment of international project work. Good German and English skills. We offer a very attractive compensation package that matches your qualification and experience. You have the opportunity to actively influence your annual income based on your individual performance. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 24,971.94 gross per year, but that we are prepared, as stated, to pay a higher fee.APPLY NOW. Your technological environment. MA xE2x80xA2 SAP xE2x80xA2 Financial Services xE2x80xA2 PMO xE2x80xA2 Cloud Infrastructure xE2x80xA2 xE2x80xA2 Digital Marketing Analytics Sales xE2x80xA2 Customer Service xE2x80xA2 Mobile App Design xE2x80xA2 Data Quality migration xE2x80xA2 Architecture xE2x80xA2 Java xE2x80xA2 Testing xE2x80xA2 Oracle. That distinguishes us. Innovation leader Accenture is always in tune with the times. We play an active role in shaping digitization, are strategic thought leaders and technological pioneers. This is how we empower companies and entire industries.Corporate Culture Our culture is characterized by innovation and team spirit, as well as by the intensive knowledge and experience within our global network. Market Success We serve more than 4,000 clients in over 120 countries, many of which are the most successful and prestigious Companies in their industry. Among them 29 of the DAX30 companies. TASK DIVERSITY More diversity is hardly possible: We accompany customers from 40 industries across the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Further Education and Career Our training offer ranges from online courses and virtual training to classroom seminars. We invest over $ 800 million a year in employee education. Women at Accenture More than 130,000 women work at Accenture today. By 2017, we want to increase its share of new hires worldwide to 40%. Women benefit from special training, mentoring and networking.Flexible work When planning our projects, we take into account the living conditions of our employees. State-of-the-art technologies enable location-independent and flexible working.Social responsibility Our social commitment as a company is anchored in our core values. Together with our employees, we want to make a sustainable, measurable contribution to society. Your contact. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Ms. Anna Riessland, Recruiting Lead Austria, anna. ries country @ Accenture. com. Accenture your new home. When it comes to strengthening the performance of companies and leading them into the digital age, no-one is fooling us. As one of the worlds leading service providers, we offer a broad range of services and solutions to customers in more than 120 countries, including the most successful and prestigious in their industry. In our areas of strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, we consistently drive innovation. What makes us unique: We accompany the entire solution process from strategy development through digital transformation to operational implementation. Learn more. Facebook Twitter Google Media. Accenture is an employer for equal opportunity and welcomes applications from all parts of society. We do not discriminate against people based on race, belief, origin, disability, age, nationality, marital status, partnership status, sexual orientation, gender or other legitimate reasons. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4930090, Law, Taxes, Economy, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Employee Cell Phone, Staff Notebook, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good Connections, Education & Training, EmployeeEvents, Educational leave, flexible working hours, home office, occupational pensions, employee benefits, employee participation, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, Accenture GmbH, kcdn. atcompany36483177564logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Stock Exchange Building, Schottenring 16, sameAs: accenture. at
Application Manager (mf), We are looking for an Application Manager for SimCorp Dimension in the team Data Management Reporting in Group Finance of UNIQA Insurance Group AG, Vienna.Job description. SimCorp Dimension is an integrated fronttoback software solution for business processes in investment management. As an application manager you will work in a team responsible for the stable operation of the configured applications in SimCorp Dimension. You will also proactively identify process improvement potentials and deliver projects for enhancement in the system to meet increasing business requirements. Furthermore, you will contribute to the high data quality by implementing data governance and data quality checks in the system.What to expect. Challenging position within the interesting and dynamic field of asset management, investment accounting, risk management and ITOpportunity to work self dependently on complex topics with strategic significance in an motivated and supporting teamWork in a multinational environment and cooperate with colleagues across the whole UNIQA GroupSupport for your professional and personal development in a broad range of skillsFlexible working hours, social benefits and attractive career opportunities. What we expect. You have strong analytical and problem solving skills and understand the needs of our business department while considering the overall IT strategyA strong personality with a proactive cando attitude and excellent communication and presentation skillsThe ability to present complex problems and solutions in short and understandable way to various audiences (business and IT) and various management levelsModeration of workshops for collection and discussion or business requirementsYou have a relevant university graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics (ideally combined with Economics), Physics or Engineering.23 years of relevant working experience in area asset management, risk management and investment accountingExperience with IT systems in relevant areas, especially SimCorp Dimension, is an advantageYou are fluent in German and English for both verbal and written communication. Annual minimum wage according to collective agreement: EUR 35. 556 gross. We are prepared to exceed depending on qualification and experience.We offer you an exciting and challenging position in an international and dynamic organisation with great development opportunities. You can expect a team with open communication and collegial working atmosphere.UNIQA Insurance Group AG. Mag Ljiljana Nikolic HR Business Partner Untere Donaustraße 21 A1029 Wien Tel: (43 1) 211 75 2155 EMail: ljiljana. nikolic@uniqa. at. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4930159, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , UNIQA Insurance Group AG, kcdn. atcompany27733261512uniqua. companymid. gif, Wien, 1029, Untere Donaustraße 21, sameAs: uniqa. at
Java Software Engineer (mf), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Java Software Engineer (mf). Your tasks:Your commitment to develop professional applications in an international environment. Using stateoftheart Java development technologies for web applications, (REST)services and batch jobs. Being part of an international, distributed Scrum team. Writing well designed, documented and testable Java code. Unit testing of the developed software components. Assist the Software Architect in designing the software solution. Write technical documentation. Your qualifications:Excellent Java programming skills (Java 8, Spring Boot, Spring Data, Spring REST, Hibernate, JPA). 45 years professional experience in Java application development. Adequate technical education (Technical School or suitable University degree). Experience with further programming languages and concepts (Scala, Clojure). Used to collaborate via git Bitbucket, Jira, Confluence and modern chatting tools. Good knowhow in frontend technologies (Javascript, Typescript, CSS, Html 5. 0). Active experience with Java runtime environments and deployment topologies (Tomcat, Docker containers). Very good SQL and database knowhow. Good knowhow of CI and source code managementtools (Gradle, SVN, GIT, Jenkins, SonarQube). Agile mindset and practical experience with Scrum. Experience in finance banking area is a plus. Soft Skills:Proactive attitude and team orientation. Excellent communication skills in a multicultural environment. Very good command of English (mandatory).German is a plus. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 46. 500, annual gross salary excl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4933290, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Senior Software Consultant (mf), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Senior Software Consultant (mf). Your tasks:Consult and coach projects, management and business in Head Office and CEE in your role as an expert for methods, technologies and platforms in one or more Software Development and Testing domains. Continuously enhance your domains with a strong focus on efficiency and effectiveness. Take leadership for new technologies and approaches in software development and account for benefits to management and business. Contribute to group wide communities of practice. Review ongoing software implementations in order to improve quality. Your qualifications:Adequate technical education (Technical School or University degree). Deep knowledge in hisher domains combined with broad experiences over the whole software development life cycle (e. g. agile methodology, test driven design and test automation). More than 5 years demonstrable experience in software design. Very good programming skills (e. g. Java). Excellent understanding and practical experience with architectural concepts like Application Servers, ESBs, API management platforms and Microservice Architecture. Good knowledge of IT infrastructure concepts (e. g. horizontal scaling, authentication and authorization standards). Very good data modelling and SQL knowhow and knowledge of different database technologies (e. g. RDBMS, NoSQL). Practical experience with working in agile teams. Very good experience in requirements engineering. Conflict management, stressresilience and flexibility. Proactive attitude, teamoriented and excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent communication and presentation skills, ability to communicate complex topics with the target audience in mind. Excellent command of English. Multi culture sensibility. Willingness to travel. Banking know how is an asset. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 60. 000, annual gross salary incl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4933297, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Consultant Microsoft Business Intelligence Advanced Analytics, you want to further your career in the IT environment in international projects? Then put your visions into action at Avanade. Consultant Microsoft Business Intelligence Advanced Analytics. Possible locations: Vienna, Linz. Your tasks. Your challenges. Your chances. They develop tailor-made, innovative concepts and implement complex analytics solutions based on up-to-date Microsoft technology in close coordination with the specialist departments of our customers. They analyze complex business data structures and develop statistical analysis models using data mining and machine-aided learning methods that bring direct value to our customers. They support our clients in the technical, methodical and professional consulting in the national and international environment as xe2x80x9eTrusted Advisor  around the topic analytics and Data Science. They work in all phases of our customer projects from the requirement analysis over specification, design, implementation, test and Documentation. You implement data analysis reporting solutions and model multidimensional cubes (OLAP Tabular) as well as complex analytics models with the Microsoft Analytics Stack or xe2x80x9eR  at our on-site customers. They leverage the latest onPremise and cloud technologies and develop the processes necessary for the solution carry out technical and technical reviews and ensure our high quality standards. What makes you special. Completed degree in IT (Business Information Systems, Industrial Engineering, Business Mathematics Statistics), ITHTL or comparable training. At least 3 years of practical experience in the Microsoft Analytics environment. Sound knowledge in at least three of the following areas: SSAS, xe2x80x9eR , MDX, DAX, DataMining, semi-structured data. Ideally: Experience with SQL Server BIStack, BigData, HDInsight. Strong communication skills in German and English as well as willingness to travel. What makes us a top employer. At Avanade, you get both: the benefits of a large corporation and the entrepreneurial spirit of a dynamic team. Expert or manager: determine the evolution of your career. Through training and education (eg Microsoft certifications) of at least 80 hours per year, you always keep your knowledge State-of-the-art IT Equipment: 8 GB TouchscreenUltrabooks with Admin rights (replacement every 3 years). Unlimited Pluralsight Access, MSDN Pro License, Access to AzureCloud ($ 50 Monthly Budget). Company mobile phone with private use: flat rate for mobile and landline, LTE). Paid overtime until the career level xe2x80x9eSenior Consultant . You work with the most successful companies as a pioneer in the solution for the latest IT challenges.An attractive compensation package that matches your qualifications and experience. For legal reasons we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is 2. 393, gross Euro per month (Junior) and 3. 392, Euro (Senior). The actual salary is above the Mindestgehalt.Schon convinced. For questions about Avanade or the position I am at your disposal: tanja. rinner @ Avanade. com. For more information, visit: avanade. at. Application finished? Then please use our online portal, which you can reach via the following button: Start now. What connects you with the people at Avanade? The enthusiasm for Microsoft products and for what is possible with it. Because thats what Avanade, the top consulting company of Accenture and Microsoft, is all about. Our shared mission: We leverage the power of the latest digital Microsoft technologies to bring new thinking and business paths to our customers, including most of the DAX30 companies, and to revolutionize their world of work through groundbreaking collaboration and change solutions. Become a xe2x80x9eDigital Innovator and benefit from the experience and knowledge sharing of the 29,000 people who shape the future day in and day out in the global Avanade network. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 4943211, Internet, IT, Telecom, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Employees Cell Phone, Staff Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Good Access, Off and continuing education, employee events, flexible working hours, home office, employee benefits, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, transport subsidy, employee gifts, Avanade Austria, kcdn. atcompany1083523170841avanade. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Schottenring 16, sameAs: avanade. at
Big Data App Developer (mw), Big Data App Developer (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 76744. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 30. 04. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time indefinite. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 0%. Job Description. Does your passion connect us with a highly dynamic Big Data team? Shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming more and more complex, enabling us to communicate in a simple and reliable manner. Your role here is to develop applications to shape the Big Data landscape. Concretely, you work with exciting data pools in one of the most advanced big data infrastructures on the market Implementation of an application development strategy. You implement algorithms in the big data platform. You develop an application architecture and carry out the development, testing, certification and monitoring according to the government process. They optimize performance and ensure the availability of the service infrastructure. Requirements. You have completed a technical education in computer science and software engineering and have some initial work experience in a comparable position. You have practical experience in handling large volumes of data and modern data infrastructures (HDFS, MapReduce, Hive, Spark, Cassandra, etc.). Experiences in the application and use of big data technologies are of advantage. Very good SQL knowledge as well as German and English are natural for you. You have experience with new software development methods (Scrum, Kanban, UML) as well as common technologies like Java, APIs, REST and Hadoop. They have strong analytical skills, high resistance to stress and independence. Service orientation, commitment to common goals and teamwork complete your profile.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the Telekom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 400 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is above € 50,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 400 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is above € 50,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 4943579, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
C Software Developer (mw) for Computer Vision, Do you want to implement new solutions and products in the field of 3D imaging? Are you looking for the development of software applications in the field of computer vision and image processing? Would you like to be part of the development team of a growing, international startup? Then apply for the following position at WUGGL GmbH and strengthen our development team in Vienna. We are an information and communication technology company (software and hardware) and develop innovative image processing solutions for modern agriculture (smart farming) and other industries (eg: robotics, medical technology). The WUGGL GmbH has received a seed financing from Business Angels and a VC. C Software Developer (mw) for Computer Vision. Senior Software Developer C (mw) Computer Vision Machine Learning Algorithm Development. Solution oriented and motivating your activities in the startup. Your tasks include all areas of software development in the field of computer vision (2D3D) and digital image processing: pattern recognition, image understanding and analysis (from design to programming to testing). Development of computer vision algorithms with our development team. Analysis and improvement of existing algorithms. Development of software solutions with machine learning procedures. Optimization and improvement of image processing applications. Monitoring, analysis and optimization of your code. Maintenance and creation of software libraries as well as documentation management. This knowledge and characteristics are important to us. Completed technical studies in computer science, mathematics, electronics, telematics or similar education. Very good experience with C (Linux platforms). You have several years of professional experience as a software developer (at least 45 years). extensive experience in the field of image processing and 3D computer vision. You have very good development skills with OpenCV, PCL, OpenGL. You have good knowledge and experience with machine learning methods. You have an overview and good experience in analyzing technical documentation in the areas of computer vision and machine learning. You are used to structured and responsible work with high problem-solving competence. You have experience in publishing commercial software products. You can get excited about developing new, innovative products. Strong understanding of ethical, professional and personal responsibility. xe2x80x9eHandson  mentality and an international mindset. Good German and English knowledge. Applications from the EURaum are welcome with willingness to change their place of residence (place of work Vienna). Would be of benefit: You have experience in the implementation and optimization of StereoVisionMatcher method. You have experience in the development of embedded systems (software and hardware). Youve gained development experience on ARM processors (CPU and GPU implementation). Knowledge in the fields of optics and camera technology is an advantage. Our offer: You have the opportunity to shape the company in an internationally oriented startup in an important function. Co-operation in a motivated and versatile team. Diverse tasks in a friendly, dynamic work environment. Responsible activity with a wide field of activity. Flexible working hours. You are part of a collegiate team that complements and supports each other well. We offer compensation starting from EUR 3. 800, gross month with readiness for over-payment in line with market conditions, depending on experience, qualification and commitment. It also promises employee participation in the company. WUGGL GmbH has set itself the goal of developing innovative, smart products with international potential for agriculture. The development office is located in the 4th district in Vienna. We are an open, friendly and humorous team with flat hierarchies in which you can and should move a lot. If you are interested in this task, we look forward to receiving your meaningful application including CV: WUGGL GmbH Marcus Schweinzger (CEO) jobs @ wuggl. com WUGGL GmbH z. Hd. Marcus Schweinzger (CEO) Web: wuggl. com. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4944915, Internet, IT, Telecom,, WUGGL GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1079971375418logowugglgmbh. companymid. gif, Lang, 8403, Göttling 6, sameAs: wuggl. com
Senior Group Technology Architect xe2x80x93 focus Infrastructure Security (mf), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Senior Group Technology Architect focus Infrastructure Security (mf). Group Technology Architecture and Innovation is a team of senior IT Technology Architects in RBI Group Technology Management department, responsible for steering Infrastructure Technology Architecture and Technology Innovation activities within RBI Group. Technical and functional expertise is provided in close cooperation with Technology Tower Leaders and peers from RBI Group.Based on the change in RBI Group governance and responsibilities within IT Infrastructure and Technology area, we are looking for a Senior Group Technology Architect, with a strong experience in Infrastructure Security technologies and concepts, to further strengthen our team and develop andor support relevant technology solutions and architectures within RBI Group.Your tasks:Support and steer technology developments for the RBI Group in IT Infrastructure Security area, in a strong cooperation with RBI Group Information and Cyber Security team. Development of Technology architectures, standards and guidelines that direct the selection, implementation and use of Security solutions in RBI Group, with consideration of security and business requirements, as well as, technology life cycles. Active participation and contribution in further development of RBI Group Cloud agenda. Participation and support in local or Group Information Security initiatives and projects. Participation and support in Technology cost optimization activities, including investments and budgeting review, cost benchmarking and decision process to build or buy Security Technologies capabilities in RBI Group. Provide expert technical advice and counsel to IT management and architecture committees. Develop and maintain relationships with relevant stakeholders within RBI Group and important technology partners to understand technology trends and roadmaps. Your qualifications:Advanced degree in Computer Science or related field of study. 7 years of experience in Infrastructure Security Technologies, with 3 years of handson experience in development, implementation and management of enterpriseclass IT Infrastructure Security technologies and solutions (Network Security, ClientServer OS Security, IAM, SSO, DLP, PKI, RDBMS security, Data protection, Cloud security, Vulnerability and Patch Management, etc. ); Experience with Cloud services delivery and relevant security aspects. Ability to identify risks associated with processes, operations and technologies and propose improvement solutions and measures. Ability to act as enterprise technology subject matter expert for security solutions, working as part of crossfunctional team and representing technical viewpoints to diverse audiences. Good understanding of relevant standards and frameworks (e. g. ISO27001, COBIT, etc. ). Previous leadership or project management experience in Technology area is an advantage. Excellent command of English; Knowledge of German or other CEE language is an advantage. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 66. 000, annual gross salary incl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4945903, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Senior SW Engineer Computer Vision (mf), Kapsch TrafficCom AG. Senior SW Engineer Computer Vision (mf). Location: Vienna. Kapsch TrafficCom, a company of the Kapsch Group, is a provider of intelligent transportation systems in the fields of tolling, traffic management, smart urban mobility, traffic safety and security, and connected vehicles. As a onestop solutions provider, Kapsch offers endtoend solutions covering the entire value creation chain of its customers from components and design to the implementation and operation of systems. The globally operating company is headquartered Vienna and has subsidiaries and branches in more than 30 countries.Your responsibilities. Design, development, implementation and test of computer vision algorithms for embedded systems. Software engineering in the field of intelligent traffic solutions. Develop clean, elegant, wellcommented and reusable code which is easy to maintain and extend. Work closely with our product and design teams to customize applications for various platforms. Your profile. MastersPhD degree in computer science, electrical engineering, mathematics, physics, software engineering or similar. Strong theoretical background and practical experience with computer vision, image processing, machine learning, probability theory and statistics are mandatory. Ability to transform feasibility studies (proofs of concepts) into performant applications. Domain knowledge in the field of video based intelligent traffic solutions. At least 5 years of professional experience in software development and software architectures. Expert skills in C (STL, BOOST), MATLAB, OpenCV, IPP, Python and Qt. Experienced with runtime performance optimization for specific hardware platforms such as embedded systems. Computer vision algorithm development with GPUs and other parallel processing structures in mind. Experience with iOS, Android, and Linux environments are highly beneficial. Experience in writing testable code, automated unit tests, and setting up build environments with CMake as well as automated test environments. Familiar with Agile and Scrum development methodologies. Proactive mindset to drive collaboration between teams in an intercultural environment. Ability to assist team members to overcome technical problems. Our offer to you. Exciting challenges with room for new and innovative ideas within a highly qualified team. High responsibility within one of our fast growing markets in an international, autonomous working environment. Social benefits and infrastructure (operating restaurants, near subway etc. ) of a modern company. Bridge Days Regulation and flexible working hours etc.A market compliant salary minimum EUR 3. 500 p. m. in according to your qualification and experience. Ongoing professional education and training measures. Start date: as soon as possible, fulltime position. Location: Vienna (Kapsch TrafficCom HQ). Apply now!. Do you want to follow this exciting path with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application. For any questions about this job, feel free to contact us under: Daniela Giovannozzi, 43 (0)50811 1905. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 4952514, Internet, IT, Telekom, Essenszulage, Obst, Home Office, Kapsch TrafficCom AG, kcdn. atcompany168233284339kapschlogoclaimrgb002. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1120, Am Europlatz 2, sameAs: kapsch. net
Master Thesis: Industry 4. 0 for Analysis Laboratories in the Semiconductor Industry, Master Thesis: Industry 4. 0 for Analysis Laboratories in the Semiconductor Industry. At a glance. In this role your primary responsible for the development and verification of state of the art machine learning algorithms. You will be part of a high sophisticated Industry 4. 0 project.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Thesis support. Job ID. 22175. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. In this role your primary responsible for the development and verification of state of the art machine learning algorithms. You will be part of a high sophisticated Industry 4. 0 project. You will work closely within colleagues at Infineon Munich and Villach. You will be under supervision by experts from the University of Klagenfurt.Earliest starting date: by arrangement. Work time: part time or fulltime (at least 20 hours per week). Willingness to work at least one year on the Thesis. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is 1. 766, gross p. m. (fulltime basis).Profile. We are looking for an MSc student in Informatics, Mathematics, Electronics Engineering or comparable.You are best equipped for this task if you have:Experience with Python (optionally Java, C# or C). Basic knowledge of data analysis and machine learning methods (experience with applications is a plus). Knowledge of machine learning packages, like scikitlearn or R, is a plus. Skills in applications of natural language processing is a plus. fluent German skills. basic English skillsPlease attach the following documents to your application:CV. Motivation letter. Transcript of University grades. Copy of your final high school upper secondary school grades. About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.Apply now!. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, OTHER, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 4953892, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
IoT Architect (mw), IoT Architect (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 77826. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 28. 02. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time indefinite. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 0%. Job Description. Is your passion for IoT connected to us? Then you will find new ways together with our highly dynamic team. Shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1 in the telecommunications industry, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focused and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate in a simple and reliable manner. Your task: As IoT Architect, you define our IoT landscape and ensure that IoT applications continue to contribute effectively and efficiently to tomorrows and tomorrows business success. It lays the foundation for exciting applications in an industry that, in addition to the financial industry, produces the most extensive data and transports it to your customers. You have the opportunity and duty to protect our customers personal data not only against data protection and telecommunications law, but also against the expectations of our customers. Conclusion: You design, expand and improve the system architecture of one of the most modern IoT infrastructures in Europe. You are actively involved Improving and further developing our IoT landscape to enable new and innovative IoT applications. They also support the conception, planning and implementation of tailor-made IoT solutions with the help of Big Data Analytics. They formulate technical requirements for tools and solutions around IoT.Sie Review and evaluate technical specifications from tool and solution manufacturers. Ensuring that external and in-house developed applications comply with company standards for standards to use, integration with the IoT landscape, and security requirements rechen.Anforderungen. You have a degree in computer engineering and systems architecture and you have some initial work experience in a comparable position. You have practical experience with modern infrastructures for storing and processing large amounts of data. In particular, you have practical experience in the application and management of IoT devices. You have already heard of oneM2M; familiarization with standards such as LWM2M is a matter of course for you.You can communicate in writing and orally both in German and in English.You already have experience with home automation (eg OpenHAB, KNX) or control of industrial plants.They have distinctive analytical skills, are stress resistant and work independently. You can discuss strategic topics with TopManagement as well as understand technical details. Service orientation, commitment to common goals and teamwork complete your profile.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the Telekom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 400 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from EUR 55,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 400 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from EUR 55,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 4954555, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Team Leader Smart City (mw), Team Leader Smart City (mw). New business. The New Business division designs and develops new strategic business areas, products, services and business models apart from the classic mobile business, from the idea through to successful implementation on the market. In addition to Smart City, these include Smart Industry, Big Data and Digital Life. In this function, you are responsible for the Smart City segment including team leadership. Together with your team you develop our contribution to the city of tomorrow. On the one hand you will get to know and evaluate many exciting partner solutions and startups, on the other hand you will develop new products and services for the city of the future in creative workshops and in cooperation with other departments at Drei. If you want to contribute with smart services to make our living space of the future more attractive and to create optimisations in public areas such as parking, traffic, security, energy etc., then we look forward to receiving your application !. Tasks: Development, development and responsibility of the Smart City segment including team leadership. Direct and intensive contact with the target groups, key accounts, pilot customers etc.Identification of trends and potential business ideas. Development of product strategies and business models (including customer testing). Evaluation of potential solution partners. Product marketing incl. Competition monitoring, life cycle management, etc.Definition and implementation of the required distribution channels. Active Sales Support Execution of TrainingsWebinars. International coordination of the product portfolio in the group. Internal communication and coordination with the product. Requirement profile: Successfully completed technical and / or industrial training. Several years of professional experience in product marketing, product or innovation management as well as experience in relevant branches of business. Ideally already well-founded knowledge and contacts in the Smart City area. First leadership experience and building a segment of advantage. Affinity to the topic Smart City. Strong networking, communication and presentation skills. Independent, autonomous and structured way of working. Innovative, creative and entrepreneurial thinking with a digital focus. Very good MS Office as well as German and English. According to the collective agreement for telecoms companies, the gross annual salary is at least EUR 42. 300, We will agree on your classification and salary based on your professional and personal competence. In addition, we offer you a demanding area of ​​responsibility in an exciting, constantly evolving industry and additional services of a modern one Company such as in-house canteen, a company mobile phone from our 3Portfolio, attractive staff events and much more. Apply here. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4958682, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Hutchison Drei Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3900505171logohutchisondreiaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Brünner Strasse 52, sameAs: three. atportaldebottomnaviueberdreikarriere
Specialist Project Management IT Data Science Focus Requirements Engineering, Swiss Post is looking for.SPECIALIST PROJECT MANAGEMENT IT DATA SCIENCE FOCUS REQUIREMENTS ENGINEERING. Region: Wien, Employment: unlimited, Occupational Area: Information Technology. The Mail Solutions business unit is the leading provider of innovative physical postal services and digital solutions in the B2B sector. The core competences include the creation of individual measures over the entire usage cycle of documents as well as the optimization of customer-specific communication policies in the field of advertising efficiency and data handling. The Data and Address Management department needs reinforcement in the IT DataScience team and is looking forward to seeing new dedicated colleagues at our headquarters in 1030 Vienna !. Your tasks. Independent IT Requirements Engineering with all relevant stakeholders. Taking on the role of product owner in agile projects. Interface function between technology and business. Creation of requirement documents (Product Backlog). Creation of project proposals and project plans. Management of implementation projects. Conditions. Completed university education ideally with a technical and natural science background. Several years of know-how in requirements engineering and agile project implementation in the role of Product Owner in IT projects. Knowledge in the. net environment and databases of advantage. Project management or requirement management certification (eg PRINCE2, IPMA, IREB) is an advantage. Experience with Visual Studio Team System or Team Foundation Server is an advantage. Good German and English in spoken and written. Strong analytical, communicative and social skills. High personal initiative as well as organizational and coordinative competencies. You wish professional diversity and want to play a significant role in innovative projects ?. Then we look forward to your application !. Your salary depends on your experience and qualifications, but at least EUR 50,000 (gross annual salary, allin, including variable components). Apply. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4961525, Logistics, Transportation, Canteen, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Facilities, Good Connections, Education and Training, Educational leave, Flexible Working Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Participation, Österreichische Post AG , kcdn. atcompany4985342840logosterreichischepostag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rochusplatz 1, sameAs: post. at
IT Solution Architect (mw) JavaEENET C #, Make Career in Austria !. IT Solution Architect (mw) JavaEENET C. The WALTER GROUP with more than 3,600 employees is one of the most successful Austrian private companies. The main business activities of the WALTER GROUP include the Europe-wide handling of full-load road and combined transport by LKW WALTER, the European-wide trading and rental of office, storage and sanitary containers by CONTAINEX, the investment in and leasing of commercial and residential real estate WALTER BUSINESSPARK, WALTER IMMOBILIEN and CONTAINEX REAL ESTATE, warehousing services by WALTER LAGERBETRIEBE as well as the trailer and tractor leasing by WALTER LEASING. Rapidly changing business requirements lead us to modernize our existing IT application landscape. For this challenge, we need support in the solution architecture. Your future tasks. Integration into the existing team of ~ 12 solution architects. Assumption of technical responsibility for several projects and systems (individual programming and / or standard software). Development, evaluation and detailing of IT solutions in distributed systems including impact analysis. Close collaboration with peer teams in IT: Requirements Engineering, Operations, Infrastructure, Enterprise Architecture, Quality Assurance. Highly effective and efficient communication and collaboration with all peers and line management. Further development and housekeeping of the technology portfolio, blueprints and policies. Participation in strategic exams, IT prototypes and evaluation of new technologies. Strategic cooperation in modernization of legacy software. Collaboration building a homogenized software factory for continuous delivery. Collaboration in building and continuous improvement of delivery methods. Contributing to the implementation of the theme cluster: Domain Driven Architecture, DevOps, Continuous Delivery, Behavior and Continuous Test Driven Development, Continuous Automated Testing on Commit, Service Oriented Architecture, Docker on Linux and Windows Server Containers, Infrastructure and Platform as a Code and Service. Active Life of Engineering and Software Craftsmanship Team Code. Code Reviews Pull Request Handling via Bitbucket Server. Your perspectives. Comprehensive training according to your future task. Constant personal and professional development at enterprise level. A performance-based pay plus premium. Safe workplace in a financially strong private enterprise. Modern work environment and numerous  social benefits . Your profile. University degree in Computer Science or Business Informatics (University or University of Applied Sciences). State of the art know-how (IT infrastructure concepts and technologies, software architectures, requirements engineering, software engineering). Software development experience. High skillset knowledge in Java basics and JavaEE. Saddlefest in Java Script (ES5, ES6) and Type Script skills. Bonus: Net (C #) and the ecosystem of these technologies. Strong teamwork and communication skills. Strong interest in administration automation and new technologies. Bonus points. Knowledge in the following areas is desirable, but not a prerequisite: Sitecore CMS and Sitecore XP. Single page applications with z. b. Angular version 2. Versatile handling of Linux and Windows Server. Atlassian Toolchain such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket Server. IBM i (AS400), RPG, Synon, IBM Websphere. Red Hat WildFly, EAP, Tomcat, Nginx, Nginx, Microsoft IIS. HAProxy and F5 Solutions. Xamarin, ASP. NET 5NETNET Core Focus C #, on Windows and Linux. Behavior Driven Development, Test Driven Development with Gherkin and Continuous Testing Tools. Sonar quartet, Artifactory, Jenkins. NDepend JArchitect. Docker and Docker ecosystems, Google Kubernetes. GIT. Ansible, Salt. RabbitMQ, AMQP. Webpack, NPM, Gradle. OpenStack. NoSQL technologies and management of polyglot persistence. Stream Processing, Apache Spark, Big Data and DataLake. Affinity to secure coding. Minimum level CWESANS Top 25 and OWASP Top 10. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 40. 500, gross per year, depending on qualification and experience as well as attractive social benefits. After completing the trainee program, we offer you a share in the companys success in the form of a performance-related annual bonus. Her job is in Wiener Neudorf (on the southern outskirts of Vienna). We will gladly arrange a startup apartment for you. If you want to work in an expansive, dynamic company, apply online: LKW WALTER Internationale Transportorganisation AG. Industry: Transport logistics, services. Central office: IZ NÖSÜD, street 14, PO Box 36 AT2355 Wiener Neudorf Vienna. Sales: Preliminary FY 201617: EUR 1.96 billionemployees: 1. 613. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. Our market is Europe. Our staff speak more than 35 languages ​​and come from over 40 countries including: Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Denmark Germany England Estonia Finland France Greece Great Britain Iran Iraq Ireland Italy Kazakhstan Croatia Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Sweden Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Czech Republic Turkey Ukraine Hungary Belarus. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4962035, Logistics, Transportation,, LKW WALTER, kcdn. atcompany1979497206logolkwwalter. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, IZ NÖSüd, street 14, sameAs: lkwwalter. at
Solution Manager Data Analytics (mw), Solution Manager Data Analytics (mw). New business. The New Business division designs and develops new strategic business areas, products, services and business models apart from the classic mobile business, from the idea through to successful implementation on the market. In addition to Data Analytics, these include Digital Business, Digital Life and Smart City. As an expert in data monetization, you are responsible for the positioning of the Data Analytics segment, including team leadership. You like to be close to the customer, understand the added value data analyzes provide for your target groups and are constantly developing new solutions. The portfolio of analysis products and their expansion is your responsibility, with the aim of achieving our ambitious goals in this highly attractive market segment. Does that sound exciting to you? Then we look forward to your application !. Tasks: Development, Development and Responsibility of the New Business Segment xe2x80x9eData Analytics . Successive buildup of your own team. Understanding Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining. Building and developing our data analytics strategy and business models. Evaluation of potential solution partners and distribution channels as well as active sales support. Direct and intensive contact with the target groups, key accounts, pilot customers, etc. Product marketing including competition monitoring, life cycle management, etc. International coordination of the product portfolio in the group. Requirement profile: Professional experience in the area of ​​data analytics as well as experience in the development of corresponding business models and business cases. First leadership experience and building a segment of advantage. Ideally, experience with big data infrastructures and tools (eg Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, SQL, NoSQL). Good knowledge in the field of project and process management. Strong networking, communication and presentation skills. Independent, autonomous and structured way of working. According to the collective agreement for telecom companies, the gross annual salary will be at least EUR 47,000. We will agree on your classification and salary based on your professional and personal competence. In addition, we offer you a demanding area of ​​responsibility in an exciting, constantly evolving industry and additional services of a modern one Company such as in-house canteen, a company mobile phone from our 3Portfolio, attractive staff events and much more. Apply here. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4962103, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Hutchison Drei Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3900505171logohutchisondreiaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Brünner Strasse 52, sameAs: three. atportaldebottomnaviueberdreikarriere
Employees Internal Sales (mw), Employees Internal Sales (mw). Media. As a global media company, the Red Bull Media House produces, publishes, distributes and licenses sophisticated sports, entertainment and education programs in the fields of sports lifestyle, nature science and tradition inspiration. The product portfolio includes sports programs, documentaries and films, music, games and apps, as well as print and online magazines, and thus fascinates people all over the world via all media channels. More information at redbullmediahouse. com. In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, but also created a completely new product category, Energy Drinks. Today, Red Bull has more than 1,100 employees worldwide and sells more than 6 billion cans per year in over 171 countries worldwide. The world of Red Bull gives you the opportunity to use your talents, develop and passionately achieve results that make a difference. Find out why we are different. Location WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, Austria. Working time fulltime. Organization Red Bull Media House. Areas that match your strengths. (Responsibilities we entrust to you). OverviewThe position is located in the area of ​​License Revenue. We act as an interface for many different departments in the house (Controlling, Legal, Tax, Accounting, Commercial Distribution and Content Management) and actively coordinate all matters relating to the distribution of sales and the settlement of license sales. We are responsible for the settlement of license agreements, sales shares and their reporting and payment. For the entire Red Bull Media House, we provide reliable data for strategic and operational decisions. In addition, we coordinate all sales in the Red Bull Media House as a professional service center for moving image content, mobile ticketing and transnational partnerships. Prepare Invoices Credits In this role, you support the registration of RBMH as a supplier to our partners and take UID number exams via Financial Online. In addition, you prepare tax certificates and track their tracking. You manage the contract filing of all billing-relevant contracts and maintain customer data in SAP.Reporting the sales sharesYou represent the production distribution contracts regarding revenue sharing and prepare their billing. In addition, you support the maintenance of our revenue sharing accounting software. ReminderSupporting the License Royalty Manager in the preparation and processing of reminders.Supporting activitiesAs a license management employee, you create SAP and CRM software extracts and archive files and digital documents.Your professional experience: (and so far services provided). Several years of experience in administration, ideally experience in financial accounting and / or contract management or comparable. Structured and precise working style. Affinity for administrative activities, numbers and contracts. More accurate, effective and convincing data-based communication style. Good knowledge of Microsoft Office (especially Microsoft Excel 2010). SAP knowledge of advantage. Flexible and TeamPlayer. xe2x80x9aHands onMentality. Highly motivated and able to work under pressure in a fast paced environment. Commercial training (HAK HBLA) or comparable apprenticeship. Very good English skills (also jargon). Please also tell us in your cover letter why your specific experience is relevant to the advertised position. What makes you stand out and why do you think this challenge is right for you? Apply online. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 1532 per month. However, our attractive salary packages are based on current market salaries and are therefore well above the stated minimum salary. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 4962264, Media, Publishing,, Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals near Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStreet 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
Professional Business Analyst IT Delivery Integrated Risk Calculation (mw), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Professional Business Analyst IT Delivery Integrated Risk Calculation (mw). The IT Delivery Integrated Risk Calculation unit is among other topics responsible for innovation and operation of the groupwide Limit Management System. You have the opportunity to be a part of the implementation of an adaptive organization concept and to link the IT and Business world not only with knowhow but also on a personality level.Your tasks:Support of the Limit Management solution for the RBIgroup in operation and innovation topics. Be a proactive part in one of the first pilots of an adaptive organization concept in the Austrian banking area. Maintenance, Support and monitoring (technical and organizational) of the daily Limit Management processes as well as data sourcing and processing. Trigger and implement improvement measures (technical or organizational), detect synergies and remove contradictions. Support of customization and enhancements of internal and third party application. Business and IT analysis in related projects and run feasibility studies. Support preparation and execution of user acceptance tests, e. g. development of test cases and scenarios. Your qualifications:Strong Teamplayer. University degree in a technical study with an economic focus or vice versa (e. g. Business Computer Science). Experience in the financial services industry, preferably in IT related business domain Risk Management. Comprehensive knowledge of the most important risk management processes. Handson experience with databases (Oracle). SQL, PLSQL knowledge required BI tool knowledge (e. g. Qliksense), Unix experience as an advantage. Knowledge of agile methods (SCRUM, Kanbanxe2x80xa6). Analytical, resultoriented and structured way of working. Good command of English. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 46. 500, annual gross salary excl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4963855, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Big Data Operations Engineer (mw), Big Data Operations Engineer (mw). TMobile Austria. StellenID: 78998. Land: Österreich. Standort: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Bewerbungsschluss: 31. 03. 2017. Beschäftigungsart: Vollzeit unbefristet. Karrierelevel: Professional. Erforderliche Sprachen: Deutsch. Reisezeitanteil: 0%. Stellenbeschreibung. Lets connect through your ability to further improve the network of TMobile Austria!. Be a part of building the digital revolution! As part of the Deutsche Telekom, Europes #1, we are competent in creating the digital revolution, and we offer those, who bring bold and fresh ideas to the table, numerous career opportunities. Our world is increasingly becoming more complex, therein TMobile ensures easy and reliable communication.What would be your task?. You are planning and operating Operations Support Systems from TMobile Austria. Mainly you are responsible for planning, expanding and operating TMAs Big Data Hadoop and XEN virtualisation platform.This is what you will do:You work closely together with developers in order to implement useraccess for new Big Data applications.You build platform solutions using Big Data technologies. You work on continuous improvements in order to optimize the availability and performance of OSS systems.You analyse and resolve server, software, and hardware faults.You document system topologies and configurations.You work in projects and are responsible for the implementation of defined work packages.Anforderungen. You convince with their open, communicative personality and your analytical, independent approach of working.You have a technical education (technical school, college, university) and first professional experiences in a similar position in the IT and Telecommunications industry.You are well grounded in Linux and also have SQL and scripting knowledge.You have experience with the IP protocol and IP networks.First experiences with Hadoop and virtualisation platforms are of advantage.Customer orientation, commitment, flexibility (on call duties), as well as team player mentality are characterising you. TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is the subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom AG and therefore part of one the most successful communication companies worldwide. As number 1 on the European market, innovation is our essence and we are among the best employers in the country. We inspire our customers. We find easy solutions. We live integrity. We are open to ideas. Outstanding performance is rewarded. It is what brings us and you as an employee to the top. We are T. Rely on us.Our 1400 employees highly enjoy our great team culture as well as extensive benefits offered, ranging from flexible working hours, extensive training programs to occupational pension. We offer an attractive, market compliant salary. You will earn about EUR 38. 000 per year at this position. In the end, the sum on your pay check will be determined by your qualifications, your experience and your commitment. Ihre Chance. Our 1300 employees highly enjoy our great team culture as well as extensive benefits offered, ranging from flexible working hours, extensive training programs to occupational pension. We offer an attractive, market compliant salary. You will earn about EUR 38. 000 per year at this position. In the end, the sum on your pay check will be determined by your qualifications, your experience and your commitment. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 4965831, Internet, IT, Telekom, Essenszulage, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
DWH Solution Architect (mf), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).DWH Solution Architect (mf). IT Delivery DWH is responsible for all innovations and operations in our Data Warehouse area, which is the basis for RBI bank steering (Finance, Risk). In our international team intercultural skills and customer orientation are key success factors.In order to strengthen our team, we are looking for a DWH solution architect, who is a key role within the DWH organization and takes leadership and responsibility to define and maintain the solution architecture within the DWH environment. This includes the whole transformation process from source data into DWH and to DWH consumers including the data delivery from the various entities within RBI group.As the DWH solution architect you analyse functional and nonfunctional requirements and take the lead in translating those requirements and strategies into feasible DWH products, solutions, and services. You have a very good overview on Bank Steering business processes in Risk and Finance and a solid understanding of DWH architectures. You are able to serve as the key link between business needs and technology enablers.Your qualifications:More than 10 years of experience in designing DWH architectures within a large organisation (preferably financial institution). University degree or similar with business or technical background. Broad knowledge about Bank steering (Risk and Finance) processes and products. Combines technical ability, business acumen, and an excellent understanding of industry standards and technology trends. Broad knowledge about DWH components such as ETL, Relational Database Management Systems, BI Tools, Data Mining Tools, Analytic applications, metadata management including practical work with these components in real life projects. Integral team member, build relationships with business and IT, and demonstrate architecture concepts and details.Excellent communication cross cultural as well as crosshierarchical and presentation skills, able to address technical and business oriented audience up to top level management. Analytical, resultoriented and structured way of working. Conflict management, stressresilience, flexibility, team and customer orientation. High level of commitment and motivation. Fluent knowledge of English, German is a Plus. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 60. 000, annual gross salary incl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 4966740, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
IT Developer for Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence, Make a Career in Austria !. IT developers for data warehouse and business intelligence. Founded in 1924, LKW WALTER is one of the greats in European full-load traffic and among the Top50 companies in Austria. We focus on the organization of full load transportation throughout Europe as well as to and from Russia, Central Asia, the Middle East and North Africa. Since 1984, LKW WALTER has been pioneering the development of combined transport railroads and short sea shipping. The WALTER GROUP is one of the most successful Austrian private companies. Their tasks: Comprehensive training as part of our trainee program  Train the Winner . Preparation of reports in MISDWH. Maintenance of the database (IBMDB2). Creating ETLJobs using SQLCode or IBM Infoshpere. Further development of the layout and graphic processing. Your perspectives. Promotion of your talents through individual training. Training our employees on our management information system. Collaboration in cross-divisional, strategically important projects. Attractive salary and participation in the companys success. Safe workplace in a financially strong private enterprise. Modern work environment and numerous  social benefits . Your CareerChance: In line with our corporate philosophy, we develop all future managers from within our own ranks. Your profile. Completed HAK with a focus on (digital business, information technology, etc.) or HTL with a focus on computer science. Experience in creating SQL queries. Knowledge of database maintenance (optimally IBMDB2). Understanding of business contexts. Knowledge of Java, VBScript or HTML5 is an advantage. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 33, depending on qualification and experience. 500, gross per year. The annual salary consists of 14 monthly salaries and a guaranteed premium. After completing the trainee program, we also offer you a performance-related profit sharing. Her work is in Vienna Wiener Neudorf. We will gladly arrange a startup apartment for you. If you want to work in an expansive, dynamic company, apply online: LKW WALTER Internationale Transportorganisation AG. Industry: Transport logistics, services. Central office: IZ NÖSÜD, street 14, PO Box 36 AT2355 Wiener Neudorf Vienna. Sales: Preliminary FY 201617: EUR 1.96 billionemployees: 1. 613. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. Our market is Europe. Our staff speak more than 35 languages ​​and come from over 40 countries including: Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Denmark Germany England Estonia Finland France Greece Great Britain Iran Iraq Ireland Italy Kazakhstan Croatia Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Sweden Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Czech Republic Turkey Ukraine Hungary Belarus. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, 4967633, Logistics, Transport,, LKW WALTER, kcdn. atcompany1979497206logolkwwalter. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, IZ NÖSüd, street 14, sameAs: lkwwalter. at
Consultant Business Intelligence SAP Business Objects (mw), SEI YOU SELF. CAREER AT INFOMOTION. CONSULTANT BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE SAP BUSINESSOBJECTS (MW). You always go the straight path. Youre burning for BI. And you recognize a real career opportunity: At INFOMOTION you realize projects with top companies from all industries. Enterprise Data Management, Big Data or Analytics: Together with your colleagues, you are responsible for implementing the individual solutions with SAP Business Objects. With increasing experience, you also take over the requirements analysis, conception and subproject management. Creative freedom? Exciting tasks? Excellent education and mature knowledge management? Naturally with us.THE PROFILE. University degree with IT focus. First practical experience ideally in the SAP BusinessObjects environment. Basic knowledge, eg in the areas of ETL, databases or reporting. Experience with the query language SQL. Strong communication skills. Open for new tasks and topics. Reliability, independence and flexibility. We are required by law to point out that the collective agreement minimum salary for a junior position is 32. 648, gross. When it comes to remuneration, INFOMOTION focuses on transparency. Therefore, your actual annual target income will be higher and determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. WHAT SOUNDS YOU? THEN YOU ARE YOURSELF AND HAVE YOU. At INFOMOTION the leading IT consulting company for Business Intelligence !. Apply now for application @ infomotion. de. info motion. dekarriere. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4967671, Internet, IT, Telecom, fitness offers, company cars, flexible working hours, Infomotion GmbH, kcdn. atcompany847762737415logo. companymid. gif, Frankfurt, 60327, Ludwigstrasse 3337, sameAs: infomotion. de
Senior Software Developer (mf), Senior Software Developer (mf) Vienna, Austria. Zur Homepage. AIM Software is a fast growing provider of Enterprise Data Management Software. We offer our employees the unique opportunity to work with stateoftheart technologies and to gain experience in international projects from New York to Australia.Your tasks:Consistently write, translate and code software programs and applications according to specifications.Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) for a variety of projects.Conduct research on emerging application development software products, languages, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts.Recommend, schedule, and perform upgrades to libraries used in the software product.Liaise with customers network administrators, systems analysts, and software engineers to assist in resolving problems with software products.Manage andor provide guidance to junior software developers.Assist other developers, analysts, and designers in conceptualizing and developing new software programs and applications.Run and monitor software performance tests on new and existing programs for the purposes of correcting errors, isolating areas for improvement, and general debugging.Administer critical analysis of test results and deliver solutions to problem areas.Assist in the preparation and documentation of software requirements and specifications.Assist in the development and maintenance of user manuals and guidelines.Your Profile:College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science or software engineering andor 37 years equivalent work experience.Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) or Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MCSD) preferred.Working technical knowledge of programming languages, including C# (. NET Framework 4. 0 or later), TSQL, PLSQL, JavaScript.Proven experience with both Windows clientserver software development and ASP. NET web development.Proven experience in threetier clientserver design and development.Hands on experience working in integrated development environments, including Microsoft Visual StudioTeam Foundation Server.Hands on experience working with database development tools, including SQL Developer, TOAD, MS SQL Management Studio.Experience with Windows client and server operating systems.Extensive experience with Oracle andor Microsoft SQL Server database systems.Experience with software interaction with databases through ORMs (Entity Framework) andor ADO. NET. Handson software troubleshooting experience.Familiarity with Agile software development methodologies, esp. SCRUM.Familiarity with the Financial Technology industry preferred.Personal attributes:Flexible and adaptable in regards to learning and understanding new technologies.Strong written and oral communication skills.Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate effectively in a multicultural and multinational environment.Ability to conduct research into softwarerelated issues, effectively diagnose and troubleshoot problems that may arise.Highly logical and technically proficient.Highly self motivated and directed.Proven analytical and problemsolving abilities.Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a highpressure environment.Ability to work both independently and in a teamoriented, collaborative environment.Creativity in the case of Web or interface design.We offer:Exciting projects in collaboration with our Senior Developers and Architects. International projects from New York to Australia. Working on stateoftheart technologies. Personal education budget to be used for courses, trainings, conferences ect.Very good development opportunities. Very central location. Daily fresh fruits and free coffee. Free public transport ticket. Free choice of cell phone. For international hires: Relocation package. Interested? Motivated? Dedicated? We are looking forward to receiving your application! The minimum salary according to the collective agreement is EUR 2. 825,Dependent on your qualifications and education we offer a significant overpay.Contact:AIM Software GmbH Barbara Freiler Email: job@aimsoftware. com Invalidenstrasse 2OG6, 1030 Vienna Tel: 431512 46 52 aimsoftware. com. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4969201, Internet, IT, Telekom, , AIM Software GmbH, kcdn. atcompany68941461389logoaimsoftwaregmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Invalidenstraße 2, 6th floor, sameAs: aimsoftware. com
IT Architect (mw), At BCG Platinion we are responsible for the conception and implementation of business-critical IT challenges for renowned customers in the industry and service sector worldwide. As a subsidiary of the Boston Consulting Group, we purposefully develop effective IT architectures and digital solutions from a holistic corporate perspective.IT ARCHITECT (mw). for our locations in Frankfurt am Main, Berlin, Cologne, Munich or Hamburg. Your design options. Technical analysis and evaluation of IT architectures. Control of work packagesModules in mission-critical IT implementation projects. Guidance of small software development teams using agile methods. IT product evaluation and selection. Creation of technical and IT concepts. Analysis and optimization of software development processes as well as the tools used. Your skills. Above-average degree in (business) computer science, business administration or a related field. At least two years of relevant professional experience in IT industry consulting (eg software development, project management, etc.). Extensive technical knowledge (current technology trends and programming languages, agile development methods, BigData and cloud technologies). You convince by professional appearance and a strong team spirit and communicate safely in German and English? A high willingness to travel is natural for you? Then we offer you excellent promotion and development opportunities, a highly professional and motivated team, appreciation and responsibility from the first day as well as an attractive remuneration package. We look forward to receiving your application via our online portal. Do you have anymore questions? Feel free to contact Mike Stertz, career @ platinion. com or 0221 5895 8324. More jobs and information at platinion. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Frankfurt am Main, Berlin, Cologne, Munich, Hamburg, 4969920, Law, Taxes, Economics,, BCG PLATINION, kcdn. atcompany1114662598613logo. companymid. gif, Cologne, 50670, in Mediapark 5c, sameAs: platinion. com
Associate Consultant (mw) Mobility Digitalization, Creative Team and Exciting Jobs Wanted ?. You are looking for a professional environment with development opportunities and creative freedom? You want to develop personally with us and not just be employees? You are fascinated by topics that move entire industries and influence the society of tomorrow? You find travel (up to 4 days a week) exciting, like working in teams and looking for challenges in the dynamic environment of consulting? If you answer the questions with xe2x80x9eja , then we are with passion not only your mentors, but above all your colleagues and accompany you along your ambitious career and development path. We are guided by 4 principles. LIVE. Professional achievement as part of a balanced life IMPACT. Working on sustainable topics FUN. Fun and fascination at work ENERGY. Create passion, step by step forward and carry others along. Associate Consultant (mw) Mobility Digitalization. Your tasks. You develop new digital business models and strategies to increase the market share and revenue of our customers. You design and optimize business processes that become necessary through the use of new technologies. You enjoy analyzing mobility needs and designing new mobility solutions. We help you design By  Customer Journeys  to improve the customer or user experience. You create business cases to accelerate the decision making of our customers. You are engaged in data analysis as well as the development of business intelligence solutions. You design and develop rollout and change projects. You should bring this with you. Diplom Master Bachelor degree Uni or FH (Technik IT BWL). Very good German and English skills (at least C1 level). Very good analytical skills and problem-solving understanding. Ongoing learning. Interest in one of our main topics or one of our industries. Entrepreneurship. Willingness to travel (up to 4 days a week). In addition to a steep career path, we offer you a gross annual salary of EUR 44. 100, adjusted accordingly with relevant work experience. About accilium. We are a company founded on the conviction of continuous development xe2x80x9ebuilt to evolve . Our focus is on topics related to mobility issues and digitization initiatives. The previous focus was on the three core areas of automobile manufacturers (development, production, sales) and IT. With this experience and the changing understanding of mobility of our society, we are already working for our customers today and in the future on projects that go far beyond the limits of the automotive industry. Tomorrows mobility ecosystem will be shaped not only by car manufacturers, but above all by infrastructure providers, utilities and cities and local authorities. , 20180314T00: 35: 340100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4972584, Beratung,, accilium GmbH. , kcdn. atcompany1128593093878logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, Sensengasse 3123, sameAs: accilium. com
Frontend Web Developer (wm) Tax Technology, Frontend Web Developer (wm) Tax Technology. Society. PwC Austria GmbH. Location: Vienna. Contact: Mag Eva Stöckl. Tel.: 43 (0) 1 50188 5176. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. With around 1,000 employees at 5 locations, PwC Austria is one of the countrys largest audit and consulting companies. As an international network, we offer consulting services in 157 countries worldwide in the areas of auditing, tax consulting and business consulting. Your tasks. Discover the future of tax consulting: linking data science, tax law and easytouse frontend design. Work together as a team on new, innovative analysis and BITools. Your profile. Ongoing studies (computer science, business informatics, mathematics, statistics, physics or a similar technical field of study). Enjoy innovation as well as talent for recognizing potential and formulating solutions. Excellent German language skills and excellent English language skills. Advanced Javascript programming skills (d3 js, webgl, three js, typescript, polymer etc.). Interest in new technologies (AngularJS, H2O, Tensor Flow, MEAN, cloud computing, machine learning, etc.). Interest in taxes and economic contexts. Your perspectives. Professional diversity and lived collegiality in an inclusive environment. Intensive hands-on coaching and comprehensive training program. Inspiring projects in an international context. Individual career development. Flexible working hours and numerous benefits. Based on full-time employment, we offer a gross annual salary of at least EUR 28,000 depending on your study progress and your experience. We look forward to receiving your online application. Apply here. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4973222, Law, Taxes, Economy, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Good connections, Education and training, Child care, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Supplementary insurance, Employee gifts, PwC, kcdn. atcompany2377357625logopwcsterreich. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1030, Erdbergstraße 200, sameAs: pwc. at
Experienced Advisor (wm) Banking Business Transformation in Financial Services Consulting, Experienced Advisor (wm) Banking Business Transformation in Financial Services Consulting. Location: Vienna. Contact: Mag Andreja Oladeinde. Tel.: 43 (0) 1 50188 5161. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. With around 1,000 employees at 5 locations, PwC Austria is one of the countrys largest audit and consulting companies. As an international network, we offer consulting services in 157 countries worldwide in the areas of auditing, tax consulting and business consulting. Your tasks. Advise as a member of a highly qualified, ambitious and fast-growing team Top banks in the management of current strategic and operational challenges, designing strategies and processes of the future and accompany organizational and system implementations. Be interested and enthusiastic about the active engagement with current topics such as digitization, process optimization, analytics and big data, customer operations. Manage projects or subprojects in direct cooperation with our customers. Acquire consulting contracts and care as well as build existing contacts with banks. Lead and coach coaches and work together with interdisciplinary and international teams. Prove your skills and seek excellent career prospects in a growing environment. Your profile. Successfully completed university studies. Mind. 3 years relevant professional experience in management consulting or a bank with experience in banking products and banking processes or transformation of banking organizations and operations in the front, mid or back office. Practical expertise in the execution of projects. Proficient in German and English. Excellent analytical and conceptual skills as well as high IT affinity. Enjoy the teamwork, very good analytical ability and confident demeanor. Customer-oriented appearance and communication strength. Your perspectives. Professional diversity and lived collegiality in an inclusive environment. Intensive hands-on coaching and comprehensive training program. Inspiring projects in an international context. Individual career development. Flexible working hours and numerous benefits. Based on a full-time job, we offer an annual target starting at EUR 70,000 (Allin) depending on your qualifications and experience. We look forward to receiving your online application. Apply here. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4973232, Law, Taxes, Economy, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Good connections, Education and training, Child care, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Supplementary insurance, Employee gifts, PwC, kcdn. atcompany2377357625logopwcsterreich. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1030, Erdbergstraße 200, sameAs: pwc. at
(Senior) Consultant (wm) Insurance Business Transformation and Digitalization, (Senior) Consultant (wm) Insurance Business Transformation and Digitalization. Society. PwC Austria GmbH. Location: Vienna. Contact: Romana Pinjuh, B. A. Tel. : 43 (0) 1 50188 5175. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. With around 1,000 employees at 5 locations, PwC Austria is one of the countrys largest audit and consulting companies. As an international network, we offer consulting services in 157 countries worldwide in the areas of auditing, tax consulting and business consulting. Your tasks. Advise in the team of leading insurance companies in the management of current strategic and operational challenges, design strategies and processes of the future and accompany organizational and system-side implementations. Be interested and enthusiastic about actively addressing current topics such as digitization, analytics and big data. Present and represent your work results to the customer. Develop your personal network and expand your professional know-how through exciting projects, close cooperation with colleagues and attractive training courses. Educate yourself in a challenging environment with challenging and interesting colleagues. Your profile. Successfully completed Master or Diploma Degree in Economics, (Business) Computer Science, (Business) Engineering or a comparable Degree Program, also with PhD or other additional qualification. 13 years relevant work experience or internships. Good MSOffice knowledge. Safe handling of the English language. Excellent analytical and conceptual skills as well as high IT affinity. Customer-oriented appearance and communication strength. Your perspectives. Professional diversity and lived collegiality in an inclusive environment. Intensive hands-on coaching and comprehensive training program. Inspiring projects in an international context. Individual career development. Flexible working hours and numerous benefits. Based on a full-time job, we offer an annual target salary starting at EUR 45,000 (Allin) depending on your qualifications and experience. We are looking forward to your online application. Apply here. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4973243, Law, Taxes, Economy, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Good connections, Education and training, Child care, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Supplementary insurance, Employee gifts, PwC, kcdn. atcompany2377357625logopwcsterreich. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1030, Erdbergstraße 200, sameAs: pwc. at
Research Engineer Natural Language Processing (mf), The Phönix New Media GmbH Updatemi is currently looking for a. Research Engineer Natural Language Processing (mf). Responsibilities. Implement algorithms that power user and developerfacing products. Be responsible for measuring and optimizing the quality of your algorithms. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. Minimum qualifications:MS in Computer Science, related technical fields or equivalent practical experience. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: CC or Python. Experience with Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing methods. Knowledge of linear algebra, calculus statistics. Preferred qualifications:PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, NLP or related technical fields. Exposure to Deep Learning, Neural Networks, or related fields and a strong interest and desire to learn about them. Data analysis visualization experience. Start: Immediately Employment type: FullTime Place of work: LinzWien Compensation: We offer a salary that is based on education, experience and qualification in the range of EUR 40. 000 65. 000 Stock options for employees.Phönix New Media GmbH Contact: Andreas Schietz, andreas@updatemi. com updatemi. com apollo. ai. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 4973616, Internet, IT, Telekom, , updatemi, kcdn. atcompany1089761991583logoupdatemi150416. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Poschacherstraße 23, sameAs: updatemi. com
Social Media Manager Sports, Social Media Manager Sports. Media. Red Bull Media House is a global media company that produces, distributes and publishes authentic content and inspirational entertainment programming in the sports and lifestyle genres. From film to television, print to digital media, music and games, the companys products can be experienced on the latest devices and platforms, fascinating audiences worldwide. For more information visit redbullmediahouse. com.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull Media House. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). Oversee the Global Social Media Presence for Sport Focused VerticalsIn this role, youxc2xb4ll be responsible for Red Bulls global Sports social media properties. Your goal is to grow audiences and engage users within the sports verticals by using new platform technologies and optimizing the existing tools. Youxc2xb4ll be responsible for the Adventure, Bike, Snow, and eSports categories.Develop global strategyIn this role, you have the opportunity to define a Global Strategy across Red Bull Sports Properties and work with our 160 markets in defining publishing flow and unified tonality. The creation of cross platform release strategies and a clean content workflow between our entire organization and the Sports channels will be part of your tasks as well.Community ManagementOne aspect of this role will be, to guide the editorial tone, voice, and communication across the sport categories and to ensure that we speak to endemic audiences credibly, as well as mainstream audiences, to bolster community growth, credibility and engagement across all Sport verticals.Content Release plans Realtime Social Content ProductionYouxc2xb4ll work closely between the programming team and our entire organization to align and communicate all social posting around key events and athlete projects. Youxc2xb4ll ensure that our channels have content to promote around your key projects, athletes, and events. Developing and delivering userfocused Facebook and Instagram Live nonlive stories around key projects, athletes, and events is also part of this role.Analytical Decision MakingAnother exciting aspect is the monitoring of the performance of all content within your sports verticals and projects. Youxc2xb4ll be working closely with our analytics team to ensure that we are optimizing reach potential and will be responsible for communicating analytics data to all relevant stakeholders.Your experience includes:(proven performance in). Minimum of 34 years of experience publishing content to big brand Social Media channels. Experience with Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Final Cut, Platform CMS Analytics tools. Video production editing experience a plus. Deep knowledge of and strong interest in sports action sports. Strong understanding of Digital Products, video consumption patterns, and social media platform algorithms. Familiarity of internet trends, content formats, and language. Resilient, passionate, structured, and wellorganized person. Universitys Degree or similar. Excellent English skills (written and spoken), additional language a plus. Travel up to: 25%. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Due to legal reasons, we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1595 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 4976307, Medien, Verlagswesen, , Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals bei Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStraße 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
Diploma thesis: aging modeling of a Li ion battery by data mining and post processing of aging measurements, With more than 8,600 employees AVL is the worlds largest independent company for the development of drive systems (internal combustion engines, hybrid systems, electric drives) as well as simulation and testing technology for cars, trucks and marine engines We award a diploma thesis with the topic: aging modeling of a Li ion battery by data mining and post processing of aging measurements. Content: Literature research on existing models and physical influence mechanisms. Post processing of aging tests on LiIon cells. Data-driven modeling. Fields of study: Technical or natural science study. RequirementsKenntnisse: Technical understanding. Basic knowledge in chemistry, simulation and modeling, data analysis, programming skills (Python, Matlab, o. Ä.). Remuneration: The successful completion of the diploma thesis is remunerated with a one-off fee of EUR 2. 500, gross. Contact: Dr. med. Brunnsteiner Bernhard Structure and Thermal Simulation bernhard. Brunnsteiner @ avl. com avl. commasterandphdthesis. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, OTHER, Graz, Styria, AT, 4977497, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Data Scientist (mf), Data Scientist (mf). Vienna, Fulltime. About Parkbob GmbH. We are a crowdsensing service helping people to easily find a parking spot in cities. We are a technology and datadriven startup with a strong focus to realize our ambitions. As a small team with an international background, we are willing to provide the best environment for our team members. We know that our success will be a joint effort. Parkbob has already received seed funding from business angels and VCs.Your role. You will become a valuable member of a growing data science team, and you will contribute to develop technology that enable a seamless onstreet parking experience in a city. More specifically, your key responsibilities will consist of the following:You will evaluate the quality of current data sources, and develop novel filtering techniques that can enhance the quality level.You will propose new statistical modelsML techniques, and test these models using real time data.You will propose and test new quality metricsvisual representation of different models, and provide regular reports using these metrics.You will look for new data sources, and evaluate the potential of these data sources.Skills Requirements:You enjoy working in a team, but are not afraid to work independently as well, and love to come up with new ideas. The more skills you can cover from this list, the better:You are an EUnational or have valid work permit for Austria. This is a must.You have a degree in Applied mathematicsComputer science or related field highly focused on a probability and quantitative analysis.You have built multiple statistical or ML models based on real data in your career.You have advanced knowledge of either R or Python and libraries for data processing.You have an experience with object recognition algorithms and libraries, e. g. , TensorFlow.You have experience with handling data from different sources and stored in different formats. Your knowledge of NoSQL technologies, e. g. , MongoDB, is a plus.You have practical experiences with scalable clustercomputing frameworks, e. g. , Apache Spark.You have handson experience with real time data analysis, and mainly you have strong desire to work with cutting edge technologies.What we are offering. A dynamic team with lots of startup spirit : ). Attractive package consisting of salary and share of our success. Flexible working hours. Fantastic atmosphere in our office embedded in a startup campus. Other benefits such as free softdrinks, top equipment and continuous training. If you are not yet experienced in all required technical skills, we are still looking forward to your application! We know that being a Data Scientist means constant learning, and we will support you in learning new techniques and improving your skills. We will reach our goals only with our team. This means that along with your salary, you will participate in the companys success. We offer a salary that is based on education, experience and qualification in the range of EUR 35. 000 50. 000, variable remuneration to be discussed. Interested? We are very much looking forward to your application and a more detailed discussion about the position. Please contact jennifer. nowotny@parkbob. com.Parkbob GmbH, Treustrasse 2224, 1200 Wien, Austria. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4980611, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Parkbob GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1078831375734logoparkbobgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1200, Treustrasse 2224, sameAs: parkbob. com
Researcher: Advanced Network Concepts (fm), Researcher: Advanced Network Concepts (fm). Corporate Research. As a leading communication and information solution provider, we operate in mission criticalsafety environments around the world, for example Air Traffic Control, Public Safety Emergency Services, Railways, Defence and Martime. We develop and deliver failsafe, userfriendly, customtailored solutions that empower our customers to efficiently perform their tasks. In Corporate Research, we investigate how future applications can benefit from utilizing satellite links for data exchange. For our customers, we analyse features of stateoftheart networking stacks with the goal to identify viable options. Our activities result in realtime demonstrators and prototypes that get verified and validated with various project partners.Your tasks. Perform research, design, analysis, handson prototyping, testing, experimentation for safety critical applications networks. Design and describe advanced networking concepts and configurations based on IPv6 mechanisms. Specify solution concepts for subsequent implementation in testbeds and proof of concept demonstrations. Develop validation scenarios, test procedures and test cases. Create publications in form of technical notes, project deliverables, conference papers and presentations. Read and review contributions of project members, provide and process review comments in a structured way. Present and discuss your research results with stakeholders inside the company as well as with external partners and establish trusted partner relations. Your profile. Degree in computer science, electrical engineering, information systems or related field. Combined with at least 3 years of professional experience in mobil network design. Deep Interest and knowledge in networking principles and protocols. Knowledge of IPv6 is a must, experience with IPv6 mobility concepts Software Defined Networking (SDN) is desirable. Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Selfmotivated working style. Excellent interpersonal and professional communication skills. What we offer. Collaboration in international projects and multicultural teams. The opportunity to develop and implement your own ideas. Wideranging knowledge of cutting edge IT and communication technologies. We are offering an annual gross salary from EUR 49. 000, depending on your qualification and working experience as well as numerous benefits. Together for a safer world become a part of Frequentis and apply online now!. Job Details. Location: Wien Date hired: From now on Willingness to Travel: 15% Employment Fraction: Fulltime Contract Type: Employee. Kontakt. Heidemarie Seidl. 43 (1) 81150 1322. TIPS FOR APPLICATION. Apply Online!. frequentis. comcareer. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4980696, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Mitarbeitergeschenke, FREQUENTIS AG, kcdn. atcompany13112093525logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Innovationsstraße 1, sameAs: frequentis. com
SAP Consultant in BI Real Time Analytics (wm), It remains exciting: intelligent production, new technologies and industry 4. 0 change the world of work. We support companies in controlling and optimizing resources with complete solutions for business software, consulting and process support. We have been doing this for many happy customers for many years as an SAPPartner. Sounds good? It gets even better: we are looking for a sophisticated and communicative. SAP Consultant in the field of BI Real Time Analytics (wm). You are responsible for: Conception and implementation of SAP BI or reporting projects (collection of requirements, sketching of possible solutions and implementation at the customer site) In controlling, sales or production. Development and maintenance of data extraction, data modeling and reporting (dashboards, automation of reporting). Implementation of planning projects (sales, quantities, price, turnover and cost centers, profit centers, profit and loss and balance sheet planning, etc.). Customer consulting (business administration, technology) with regard to conception and verification of feasibility. Creating long-term customer relationships. What you bring with you: Ideally, knowledge in these areas: o SAP BI (BW on HANA, IP, BPC, ABAP, ABAP OO, AMDP, CDS Views, etc.). o SAP BO (Lumira 2. 0, Crystal Reports, Web Intelligence, Predictive Analysis, Advanced Analysis). Knowledge of SAP HANA Predictive (APL, PAL), Big Data desirable. Module knowledge in SAP FI, ​​CO, SD, MM, PP is an advantage. Good technical understanding. Independent work, sense of responsibility and teamwork. High readiness for permanent further education. Analytical and conceptual thinking. Strong communication skills. You can expect a lot from us: You have a demanding and varied job. You are constantly learning new things (SAP, project and process training) .You are part of a young team. You receive attractive social benefits (food stamps, pension provision etc.) .You drive a company car ( You benefit from all the advantages of a small company: flat hierarchies, short decision-making processes, no corporate structure, no bureaucracy, independent work, no narrow regulations or specifications, DuKultur.Du remain flexible: no core time, no 9 to 5 job, home office, self-determined work. You will meet customers from different industries and get insights into different business processes. You work on the pulse of the times. You use the latest technologies (S4HANA, BW4HANA). You make interesting contacts and benefit from an excellent network. our experienced team for many years Your office is located in the center of Linz, on the Danube border, next to the tobacco factory. You have a parking space.You have the choice: free drinks and coffee, best-assorted candy store, common Friday beer.You are part of legendary company outings, companies and Christmas parties.We live our motto: If the company is doing well, youre fine !. With SIAB you celebrate your successes extensively. To summarize: You really want to go to work !. Whether young Hupfer with creative solutions or old hand with much experience we look forward to receiving your application! Send us some nice lines, your qualifications and what else we should know about you: office @ siab. at (Br. Sabine Krasniqi). Annual gross salary: from EUR 45,000 (depending on your qualifications and professional experience, we are happy to pay more!). SIAB Business Solutions GmbH Hafenstrasse 13 4020 Linz Web: siab. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 4986792, Consulting, meal allowance, company car, flexible working hours, SIAB Business Solutions GmbH, kcdn. atcompany178073227591logosiabcmyk. companymid. png, Linz, 4020, Hafenstraße 13, sameAs: siab. at
Business Intelligence Consultant xe2x80x93 Project Manager (mf), Business Intelligence Consultant Project Manager (mf). Austria (Vienna) Vienna. JOBID. 1714967. JOB LEVEL:Experienced. FUNKTIONSBEREICH:Information Technology. ARBEITSZEIT:Fulltime. The Business Intelligence (BI) Business Consultant Project Manager is responsible for identifying and analysing the needs of the customer, translates them into specifications. He is further responsible for coordination and implementation of Business Intelligence projects. The team is charged with providing actionable, timely and accurate business insights to the right people at the right time in the area of Research, development and Medicine.Duties Responsibilities. Provide demand management, business consultancy and Business Intelligence related services to assigned business clients in the area of Medicine. Identify and analyze business needs, influence and negotiate scope and requirements, manage the implementation of the solution. Lead global Business Intelligence projects in the area of Research, Development and Medicine with project teams consisting of data engineers, data architects, business owners and subject matter experts. Work with key stakeholders and team members to establish strategy, approach, scope and timelines for BI projects. Provide status to management and keep stakeholders apprised of key project activities. Identify, track, and mitigate risks that could have a negative impact on project timelines or deliverables. Enforce standards (e. g. development guidelines) and compliance rules to be followed in the project execution and manage handover to operations team. For this position we offer an interesting salary considering your expertise and personal competencies as well as your professional experience. We are obliged by law to state the minimum salary according to the collective agreement, which amounts to EUR 34, 142. 50 gross per year (fulltime) for this position. An overpayment is possible. Moreover, we offer our employees a variety of attractive social benefits which will be introduced in the personal interview.Requirements. Degree in business administration, computer science or a comparable professional experience. PMP certification with proven practical experience (e. g. record of successfully managed complex projects in the area of Business Intelligence) additional certifications are an advantage. Comfortable working with both agile and waterfall delivery methodologies. Strong verbal and nonverbal communications skills (English is working language). Working knowledge of Business Intelligence tools and technologies (e. g. Cognos, Tableau, Qlikview). Experience working in an international and intercultural environment. Excellent analytical thinking and customer and team orientation. Experience with GxP and in pharmaceutical industry with regulated environments and medicine processes is an advantage. Our Culture. Innovative medicines for people and animals have for more than 130 years been what the researchdriven pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim stands for. Boehringer Ingelheim is one of the pharmaceutical industrys top 20 companies and to this day remains familyowned. Day by day, some 50, 000 employees create value through innovation for the three business areas human pharmaceuticals, animal health and biopharmaceutical contract manufacturing. In 2016, Boehringer Ingelheim achieved net sales of around 15. 9 billion euros. With more than three billion euros, RD expenditure corresponds to 19. 6 per cent of net sales.Contact. Your application will be reviewed by our recruiting team as well as the respective department. Therefore, we do not state a specific contact person and kindly ask you to use a general salutation in your application.Jetzt bewerben. , 20180323T00: 37: 210100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4991095, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, Kantine, Essenszulage, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Mitarbeitergeschenke, Boehringer Ingelheim RCV GmbH Co KG, kcdn. atcompany584392990logoboehringeringelheimaustria. companymid. gif, Wien, 1121, Dr. BoehringerGasse 511, sameAs: boehringeringelheim. at
(Senior) Consultant (Senior) IT Consultant Digitization webMethods (mw), (Senior) Consultant (Senior) IT Consultant Digitization webMethods (mw). Location in Austria: Vienna. You are interested in the creation and implementation of concepts for individual application solutions of well-known customers? Are you looking forward to exciting and demanding tasks with future-oriented technology? You know what is behind SOA, ESB and BPM and convince with your know how and appearance at the customer? Then you can soon strengthen our team as (Senior) Consultant (mw). Software AG offers you the opportunity to develop flexible solutions based on service-oriented architectures for our international customers. The in-house, worlds first Digital Business Platform is an ideal tool to implement Big Data, MDM, Streaming Analytics, IoT, SOA and, of course, BPM solutions exactly according to customer requirements and to establish them in large IT landscapes. As (Senior) Consultant (mw) we support and advise you in the analysis, design and development of customer solutions, combining our technologies with state-of-the-art technologies from other manufacturers to create a homogeneous solution. YOUR TASKS. Analysis, design and development of customized IT solutions based on our Digital Business Platform with a focus on. System Integration with ESB (webMethods Integration ServerMessaging) undoder. Process design and implementation with BPMN (webMethods BPMS) andor. WebGUI implementation with webMethods Composite Application Framework (CAF) based on Java technologies (JSF, JavaScript) andor. Analysis of big data streams and event processing with APAMA. Advice to our customers regarding service-oriented architectures. Preparation and execution of requirement analyzes. Creation of concepts. Coaching the IT department and the department of our customers. Professional support of our sales team in the acquisition phase. YOUR PROFILE. After completing your degree or degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, or any other technical and / or academic degree, you will find your way into practice and accumulate several years of project experience in the J2EE environment and with webMethods or similar third-party suites. They bring with them very good Java programming knowledge, in-depth experience in UML design, design and implementation of service-oriented architectures or business processes based on webMethods or similar suites from other manufacturers. They are familiar with methodological analysis and design and can present the findings in an appealing way in writing. You speak German and English in written and spoken form. They convince by their customer-oriented appearance, communicative skills, a high level of social competence and a winning way. Creativity, flexibility and willingness to travel in the German-speaking countries round off your profile. WE OFFER YOU. Intensive training program including personal support for an optimal start at Software AG. 2-day introductory event WelcomeDays in our headquarters in Darmstadt. Innovative digitization projects at well-known customers. Comprehensive individual training opportunities for your professional and personal development. Targeted career promotion. Attractive, performance-based remuneration. Pleasant and collegial working atmosphere in a dedicated and motivated team. Good WorkLifeBalance. Interested?. We look forward to receiving your complete application documents via our online procedure, indicating a possible starting date and your salary requirements. Contact: Yvonne Exeler, HR Recruiting, Tel.: 49 681 (0) 210 3727, Email: yvonne. Exeler @ Software AG. com The salary for this position amounts to EURO 55. 000, gross per year. An overpayment is possible according to your training and previous experience. Learn more about Software AG: SoftwareAG. com. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 4991769, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Software AG (Software GmbH Austria), kcdn. atcompany62751945078logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1220, Donau City Str. 1, sameAs: softwareag. at
Test Manager (mf), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Test Manager (mf). Your tasks:Planning, coordination and lead of testing activities in distributed teams. Design of test plans, test approaches and also review of requirements and optimization of other testing activities including test automation. Management of defects, test environments and the appropriate test data as well as the risk assessment for the tested components.Definition and und execution of functional and nonfunctional test cases for software applications and interfaces. Reporting of test activities according to standard metrics. Review and enhancement of testing methodologies. Cooperates intensively with other staff, such as software architects, software engineers, software consultants, test consultants, test engineers, test managers, business analysts and project managers or technical project managers. Your qualifications:Bachelor or master degree in a technical study (preferred computer science) or other higher technical education (computer science). At least 5 years experience in software testing and ISTQB certificate (Minimum: foundation level). Experience with test management, test planning, test reporting. Data Ware House Knowhow and DWH Testing experience. Good SQL knowledge and XML Know how. Experience with HP ALM, HP Quick Test Pro and HP Loadrunner and other test automation methodologies and tools. Preferably experience in requirement engineering methodologies. Banking Know how is an asset. Willingness to travel. Soft Skills:High reliability, assertiveness. Goal oriented and focused on results. Excellent communication skills in a multicultural environment. Commitment, flexibility. Proactive attitude and team orientation. English fluent (mandatory), German is a plus. Your benefits:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 60. 000, annual gross salary incl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4991812, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Embedded Software Developer (mf) for Failsafe Peripheral Modules, Embedded Software Developer (mf) for Failsafe Peripheral Modules (ET). Graz, JobID 2570. Siemens Personaldienstleistungen GmbH (SPDL) is one of Austriaxc2xb4s leading temporary employment companies. We are guided by our core values responsibility, sustainability and faire conditions. As subsidiary of Siemens AG Österreich we, our customers as well as our employees benefit from the unique knowhow and job perspectives of innovative branches like Energy Management, Mobility, Digital Factory, Building Technology or Health Care. We make the best of Time. Work. for dedicated employees (mf) with technical, commercial or industrial education andor experience. Take your time and apply this very day. Currently our customer is looking for an Embedded Software Developer (mf) for Failsafe Peripheral Modules for the developers team in Graz.What are my tasks and responsibilities?. Embedded Software Development for SIMATIC Failsafe Peripheral Modules within Automation Technology (Safety Integrated). Analysis, Design and Implementation of Embedded Software Modules for use in failsafe realtime application areas. Optimization of Embedded Software and System Interfaces of System Functions and Data Structures for securing of functional performance criterion of components. Optimization of Processes, Methods and Algorithms for achieving performance objectives in consideration of requirements for system components. What skills so I need to qualify for this position?. University Degree of Computer Science or comparable skills and experiences. Good knowledge in programming languages CC. Good knowledge in Embedded Software Development. Knowledge in xe2x80x9eFunctional Safety (specifically in Embedded Software Development on the basis of international norms like IEC61508 or ISO13849). Knowledge in programming with Assembler is an advantage. Good knowledge in German and English (fluent in written and spoken). Good knowledge in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Visio) preferable. Skills for independent and autonomous working. Communication Skills and customer and team orientation. Willingness to learn. What should I further know?. Depending on education and experience an annual gross salary of at least EUR 37. 800, is offered (this increases the minimum agreed collective salary). The final total income will be agreed in an individual meeting.As a big international corporation we offer you interesting professional perspectives and development options as well as flexible working arrangements and further social benefits.siemens. atspdl. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 4992095, Personaldienstleistung, , Siemens Personaldienstleistungen GmbH, kcdn. atcompany13673346969logosiemenspersonaldienstleistungengmbhcokg. companymid. gif, Wien, 1210, Siemensstraße 90, sameAs: siemens. atspdl
Innovation and Funding Manager (fm), Innovation and Funding Manager (fm). At a glance. In this challenging position you will drive innovation and identify and explore new business areas within our Automotive Sense Control department in Graz. You are the owner of a broad portfolio of innovation and funded projects for our leadingedge applications in Autonomous Driving (LiDAR, 77 GHz automotive radar), Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems (TPMS) and 3D Imaging applications.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 24186. Start. Apr 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Define content and buyoff deliverables of innovation activities and funded projects. Prepare and submit high quality applications for funded projects. Act as project owner for innovation and funded projects, e. g. strategic target setting. Take responsibility for IP and predevelopment. Be in charge of the acquisition and management of budget. Lead crossfunctional and site teams, e. g. for funding applications. Be the interface to external partners and therefore interact with universities, research facilities and development partners. Be the contact person for internal teams and closely cooperate with other disciplines like Concept Engineering, Application Engineering, Design and Component Verification. Focus on networking and relationships. Represent Automotive Sense Control in national and international funding organizations. Profile. You are able to quickly establish a successful cooperation and communicate openly, clearly, and coherently. You aspire to outstanding results with a passion and generate value with your ideas and solutions.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) university university of applied sciences degree. 8 years of experience in the electronics industry or comparable academic or research background. Comprehensive knowhow in managing innovation activities. Profound knowledge of institutions, processes and needs of funded activities. Experience in system architecture or concept engineering desired. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. Excellent communication and networking skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group I (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 4994291, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Data scientist wm, moving big things together. Apply now.Data Scientist wm. Powertrain Solutions Technical Functions, Location Hallein, from now on Would you like to transform your ideas into beneficial and meaningful technologies? Whether its Mobility Solutions, Consumer Goods, Industrial Technology, or Engery and Building Technology, youll improve the quality of life for people around the world. Welcome to Bosch. The Powertrain Solutions division develops and manufactures innovative powertrain technologies in the Electrification, Passenger Cars, Commercial Vehicles and OffHighway market segments. With our forward-looking mobility concepts, we help to shape the changing mobility world-wide with innovative solutions. The Hallein site focuses on the design, manufacture and distribution of large engine injection equipment. Your contribution to the great. Take responsibility: In the manufacturing environment, you lead data analysis projects (including data preparation, calculation modeling and effectiveness check). They design data analyzes, implement them and are responsible for the visualization. You control and validate new algorithms and methods for data mining, aggregation and industry 4. 0Projects. Thinking holistically: You set the requirements for the implementation of data evaluations, statistical methods and data-based programs. They bring data together through data engineering and targeted analytics through data modeling. Live collaboration: You coordinate data analysis activities at our site, communicate at the management level, and collaborate with subject matter experts in the global enterprise network. What sets you apart? Personality: structured and analytical way of thinking, solution-oriented, team-oriented and communicative.Experience and know-how: relevant professional experience in the field of data science, ideally in the manufacturing environment. Knowledge of IT systems, databases and statistical programming languages, as well as experience in data analysis from manufacturing.Education and languages: completed studies in data science, mathematics, computer science, statistics or comparable. Very good English skills. Your future work place offers flexible working time models, good and cheap company restaurant on site, excellent opportunities for further development, far-reaching offers for the preservation and promotion of employee health, beautiful nature in direct proximity to the cultural city of Salzburg. Gross salary depending on education and professional experience from 44 697 EUR p. a. (38, 5 h week, collective agreement for employees of the metal industry), overpayment depending on training and experience possible. Interest aroused? Your contact for inquiries. Andreas Dittmeier (Yours. Application @ at. Bosch. Com). , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Hallein, Salzburg, AT, 4994709, electronics, automation, canteen, meal allowance, snacks, health measures, company doctor, mental health, fitness offers, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, accessibility, mentor program, good connection, Education and training, employee events, educational leave, flexible working hours, home office, employee benefits, supplementary insurance, Bosch Group Austria, kcdn. atcompany2441363567logorobertboschag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Göllnergasse 1517, sameAs: bosch. at
Senior SystemConcept Engineer Radar TX Architect (fm), Senior SystemConcept Engineer Radar TX Architect (fm). At a glance. In this position you will guide a small team and be responsible for the architectural and conceptual definition of an automotive 77 GHz radar transmitter subsystem.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 24326. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. Your responsibilities:Guiding a team defining leading edge automotive radar transmitters. Preparing and taking architectural decisions in close cooperation with circuit design. Running the requirement driven development process including documentation. Moderating regular team alignments with concept engineering, application engineering and circuit design team. Contribution to customer communication. Coordination of and contribution to RF system simulation activities. Ensure that definition of key targets takes place with high quality and within project schedule. Balancing the system design across multiple disciplines of RF processing, analog and mixedsignal processing as well as digital processing. Obey functional safety aspects throughout the definition and development process. Profile. You are an experienced team player and you are able to win others for your structured approach of getting things done. You are clear in communication and know how to do high quality decision taking.You are best equipped for this task if you have:An university or university of applied science degree in Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications, or similar. 7 years of experience in RF system or circuit design. Ability to guide and shape a small team to its best performance. Good knowledge in FMCW automotive modulation technique preferred. Indepth knowledge in modulation theoryAbility to tackle problems in a structured and systematic fashion. MS Office, Matlab and C skills. Experience with requirement engineering tools and flows is helpful. Indepth experience in PLLs, radio transmitters and their architecture s is desired. Effective and convincing communication in English. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 4997250, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Senior SystemConcept Engineer Radar RX System Design RF (fm), Senior SystemConcept Engineer Radar RX System Design RF (fm). At a glance. In this position you will be responsible for 77 GHz automotive radar receiver system design and definition with focus on the RF subsystem.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 24324. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. Your responsibilities:RF receiver level planning. Contribution of RF models to overall system simulation. Evaluation of architectures in close cooperation with RF circuit designers. Requirement management and documentation within the above given areas. Definition of key targets and requirements for the circuit blocks. Regular alignment with architects, application engineering and circuit design. Review of measurement results. Profile. You are a team player and you want to get things done. You are focused yet open for inputs from team members. This enables you to find good solutions in reasonable time.You are best equipped for this task if you have:An university or university of applied science degree in Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications or similar. Solid background in RF techniques and RF systems. 3 years of experience in RF system calculation and RF system simulation. Experience in behavioral modeling and equivalent baseband representation. The talent to solve problems in a structured and systematic fashion. Knowledge in FMCW automotive modulation technique preferred. MS Office, Matlab and C skills. Experience in radio receiver system design is desired. fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 4997251, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Senior SystemConcept Engineer Radar RX System Design BBMS (fm), Senior SystemConcept Engineer Radar RX System Design BBMS (fm). At a glance. In this position you will be responsible for 77 GHz automotive radar receiver system design and definition with focus on the analog and mixedsignal subsystem.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 24322. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. You will be responsible for:Receiver level planning. Contribution of models to overall system simulation. Evaluation of interfaces and architectures in analogmixedsignal domain in close cooperation with circuit designers. Definition of signal path key targets and requirements for the circuit blocks. Definition of sensor signal conditioning and ADC. Regular alignment with architects, application engineering and circuit design. Review of measurement results. Profile. You are a team player and you want to get things done. You are focused yet open for inputs from team members. This enables you to find good solutions in reasonable time.You are best equipped for this task if you have:An university or university of applied science degree in Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications or similar. Solid background in RF techniques and RF systems. 3 years of experience in analogsignal processing andor mixedsignal. Experience in active analog filter design. The talent to solve problems in a structured and systematic fashion. Knowledge in FMCW automotive modulation technique preferred. MS Office, Matlab and C skills. Experience in mixed signal technique s and architectures is desired. English skills are required. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 4997253, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Junior Business Process and Big Data Analyst in the area of ​​Financial Services or Industrial Retail (full time) (mw), Junior Business Process and Big Data Analyst in Financial Services or Industrial Retail (full time) (mw). If you want to actively shape your future, you need an employer that not only challenges but also supports your employees! Become part of the KPMG team in Linz from now on and experience how exciting and diverse the activities in auditing are. Your challenges with us. Business Process and Big Data Analyzes. IT Security and IT Governance Checks. IT audits of ERP systems such as SAP, MS Navision, MS AX or industry-specific software solutions. Implementation of automated big data analyzes. Consideration of national and EU legislation. Cooperation with customers throughout Austria with a focus on Upper Austria, Salzburg and Tyrol. Your skills. HTL degree or HAK degree with a focus on Business Informatics or a degree in Business Informatics, Computer Science or Economics with relevant specialization. Basic knowledge of ERP systems. Basic knowledge of databases or data warehouses. Interest in big data and handling large amounts of data. Basic knowledge in programming. Understanding of the process. Self-confident and motivated personalityAnalytical and conceptual thinking. You like working in a team. Excellent prospects. Excellent development prospects for both beginners and professionals. You will gain insight into the diverse sectors of our national and international customers. Intensive training on the job, accompanied by an internal training curriculum. Possibility to work on interdisciplinary projects. Performance-related salary development. A collegial working environment within a young team. The minimum wage for this position is EUR 31,500 based on full-time employment, gross p. a. (plus overtime cancellation). Depending on your qualification and experience, we offer you a significant overpayment. Facts. Place. Linz. Function. Audit. Your contact. Contact Linz Mag Martina Berger Interested ?. Then we look forward to receiving your online application including cover letter, CV and certificates. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 4999106, law, taxes, economics,, KPMG Austria, kcdn. atcompany36032294638logokpmgoesterreich. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, porcelain cup 51, sameAs: kpmg. at
Industrial internship: assistant data analysis and performance monitoring, industrial internship: assistant data analysis and performance monitoring. At a glance. We are looking for support in data analysis, development and roll out of a performance measurement system. Shortinfo. Location. Villach. Entry level. Internship. Job ID. 21224. Start. nowArt. Part time. Limit. Temporary. Stellite division possible. Yes. Job Description. We are looking for assistance with data analysis, development and development of a performance measurement system. In this role, they are responsible for the following tasks: Integration of the pilot project for performance measurement into the existing data landscape. Preparation of training materials and assistance with training for report users Data analysis for decision preparation. Start: now. Scope: part-time by appointment. Duration: min. 6 months. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees of the electrical and electronics industry. It is a minimum salary of 1. 333 euros p. m. (Full-time industry internship). Willingness to overpay depending on your individual profile. Your profile. You are a dedicated student in the following educational fields (preferably in the Master program): Economics. Applied Mathematics Statistics. Production logistics process technology. Computer science information technology. Additional Skills Abilities: Fundamental Number Affinity. Knowledge of statistics and their applications. advanced Excel knowledge (Pivot, Tablejoin, etc.). Dealing with DatabasesSQL (desirable). Please provide us with the following documents in your application: Letter of motivation. Curriculum vitae. Copy of the enrollment certificate. Copy of the proof of academic achievement. Copy of the Matura certificate. Copy of the bachelor certificate (if available). About us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that does more, is less consumed and available to all. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a future worth living for. We respect the careful use of natural resources and solve societal challenges: Efficient use of energy, environmentally friendly mobility and security in a networked world. Apply online now !. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, INTERN, Villach, Carinthia, AT, 4999208, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Flexible Hours, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstrasse 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Computer Vision Engineer (mf), Computer Vision Engineer (mf). Fulltime, Vienna. Parkbob GmbH is a crowdsensing service helping people easily find parking in cities. We are a technology and datadriven startup with a strong focus on realizing our ambitions. As a small team with an international background, we are willing to provide the best environment for our team members. We know that our success will be a joint effort. Parkbob has already received seed funding from business angels and VCs.Your role. You will become a valuable member of our growing team, and you will contribute by developing technology that enables a seamless onstreet parking experience in the city. More specifically, your key responsibilities will consist of the following:Develop and prototype systems that are able to detect vehicles and other relevant objects from video or images. Propose new applications of data obtained using these techniques. Contribute to developing next generation parking services. Skills Requirements. What do we expect from you? You enjoy working in a team, but are not afraid to work independently as well, and love to come up with new ideas. The more skills you can cover from this list, the better:You are an EUnational or have a valid work permit in Austria. This is a must.You have 2 years experiences with building prototypes or practical applications using computer vision techniques. You have knowledge of current computer vision techniques and algorithms. You have a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other related field. You use Python as well as OpenCV daily, and are an experienced user of top notch deep learning frameworks (e. g. TensorFlow, PyTorch, Cafe). You have practical experiences with GPU usage. We know that this role requires constant learning, and we will support you in learning and improving your skills. We will reach our goals only with our team. This means that along with your salary, you will participate in the companys success. We offer a salary that is based on education, experience and qualification in the range of EUR 35. 000 50. 000, variable remuneration to be discussed. Interested? We are very much looking forward to your application and a more detailed discussion about the position. Please contact jobs@parkbob. com. Parkbob GmbH, Treustrasse 2224, 1200 Wien, Austria. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 4999305, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Parkbob GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1078831375734logoparkbobgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1200, Treustrasse 2224, sameAs: parkbob. com
Simulation Engineer ADAS wm, AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Simulation Engineer ADAS wm. Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: simulation. Your area of ​​responsibility: Creation of ADASAD test scenarios for the development of driver assistance functions and their protection in simulation (office and test bench) and on the test track (see EuroNCAP). Extension of the tools for scenario definition by means of statistical information from different sources (eg accident databases) and preparation of the scenarios for validation and certification tests in cooperation with development partners (TÜV, ADAS, universities). Incorporation into and application of new development processes and tools for ADASAD to test the efficiency and consistency of methodology and tools (see Deep Learning). Extension of AVL test simulation products to provide targeted and efficient driver assistance development solutions. Your profile: FH, TU control engineering, electrical engineering, computer science with experience in the field of simulation or similar. Mind. 2 years relevant professional practice. Programming experience with MatlabSimulink, CC. Experience in the programming of simulation, software and testbed systems as well as the implementation of FMIFMU. Experience in the design and application of HardwareinheLoop tools esp. For driver assistance. Experience in dealing with application tools (INCA, CANoe, CANalyser, etc.). Experience in dealing with ADAS development and simulation tools (VTD, PreScan, etc.). Experience abroad is an advantage. Good English and German language skills. Good communication skills. Annual payment: Based on the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full-time) for this item as the basis for negotiation: EUR 43,500, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5000599, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Media Insights Specialist, Media Insights Specialist. Media. Red Bull Media House is a global media company that produces, distributes and publishes authentic content and inspirational entertainment programming in the sports and lifestyle genres. From film to television, print to digital media, music and games, the companys products can be experienced on the latest devices and platforms, fascinating audiences worldwide. In this role, youll be an integral member of the Audience Intelligence team and benchmark best practice examples for a holistic media impact inside and outside the World of Red Bull. Youll share best practices within our team, but also with teams in different countries and others inside and outside of Red Bull.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull Media House. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). Analytics reportingYoull contribute to global media monitoring and media measurement efforts and benchmark best practices as well as highlight issues. Additionally, youll identify opportunities for machine learning AI optimization within media monitoring. Youll assist in crisis monitoring and give reporting support as required (annual recap, adhoc project reporting, etc. ).Create best practices utilizing dataDo you want to highlight how data analysis can help key stakeholders improve their doing? In this role, youll become an ambassador for earned data and demonstrate how insights from earned data can be utilized at all stages of an initiative to make impactful decisions. Youll work with Red Bull local offices to advise them on how to optimize their media monitoring setup. Additionally, youll partner with the rest of the team to provide ESO insights across the Red Bull Media Network.Earned social monitoring project lead improvement setupYoull identify optimal tools to provide the required data and define applicable metrics as per industry standards. Furthermore, youll collaborate with internal data analytics departments to perform those tasks. You are always ahead of the latest trends? Keeping up with the latest media monitoring trends as well as knowing new and alternative approaches is another important aspect of this role.Your experience includes:(proven performance in). At least 3 years work experience in media monitoring or sponsorship measurement (agency or inhouse). Proven experience in handling data reporting. Experience with tools such as Talkwalker, Meltwater, Sprinklr, CrimsonHexagon, Teletrax, Factiva, LexisNexis, Brandwatch, Sysomos or similar. Strong Microsoft Excel skills. Analytical skills with the ability to translate numbers into insights. Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks under tight deadlines. Ability to work and build relationships with a range of partners, stakeholders and external contractors. University degree in Social SciencesHumanities or other relevant degree, having completed statistical courses. Fluent business English; any other language will be considered an asset. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1768 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5000878, Medien, Verlagswesen, , Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals bei Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStraße 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
Digital Design and Functional Verification Engineer (fm), Digital Design and Functional Verification Engineer (fm). At a glance. We are looking for your expertise in digital design of integrated circuits to further develop innovative electronic solutions for the major driving trends in the automotive market.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 24473. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. The Automotive division provides high quality, innovative electronic solutions for the automotive market addressing the major growth driving trends towards a more sustainable mobility in terms of reduced fuel consumption and emissions, improved safety and affordability. As Digital Design Engineer you will be responsible for the digital design of integrated circuits in automotive systems.Your main duties and responsibilities will be:Digital design and simulation (SystemVerilog VHDL coding, synthesis, timing analysis (STA), functional verification, formal verification, design for testability, test coverage, FPGA). System architecture on devicelevel. Feasibility studies and chip size and effort estimations. Circuit concept on block level. Interface to mixedsignal analog design and layout. Perform technical meetings with internal departments and customers. Profile. You communicate openly, clearly, and coherently and are able to quickly establish a successful cooperation. You pursue ambitious goals and generate value with your ideas and solutions.Apart from digital design you should also show strong interest and an understanding of the overall product to be developed and its application in the automotive environment. Due to the work in small groups we can offer possibilities and challenges of highly flexible and multifaceted assignments.You are best equipped for this task if you have:An University or University of Applied Sciences degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or comparable. 35 years of specific experience in the digital circuit design is a plus. Very good knowledge in the design of digital circuit concepts. Professional experience with digital design methodologies (VHDL Verilog Cadence Framework Tools) advantageous. Proficient experience using simulation on RTL and gatelevel. Experience with Digital Backend Flow (Synthesis, equivalence checking, CDC) is a plus. Knowledge of SystemC Modelling is a plus. Good knowledge of scripting languages such as shell, Perl, TCL etc.Experience in the field of customer specific circuit design is advantageous. Experience in technical customer negotiations is advantageous. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us:welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5001547, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Data Scientist (wm), AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company for propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Data Scientist (wm). Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: Sales Business Development. Her job is to transform business requirements into innovative data analytics initiatives. Answer questions about available data using appropriate statistical methods. Develop and plan the required analytical projects in response to business needs. Data mining using modern methods. Carrying out of adhoc analyzes and clear presentation of the results. Solution of analytical problems by quantitative methods. Your profile: Completed degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, business informatics or relevant experience in a specific area of ​​responsibility. At least 3 years of professional experience in IT projects. Experience in statistical modeling, as well as technical and engineering skills. Programming knowledge: Experience in the use of special data analysis platforms, such as R, SAS. One or more OOP languages, eg Python, C #. Data management skills: Hadoop (especially HiveHBase, HDFS, MapReduce). In-depth knowledge of SQL and data visualization tools (eg Tableau, Power BI). Excellent analytical skills and experience in handling complex data and information, such as regression, clustering, correlation analysis. Excellent presentation and communication skills in spoken and written at all organizational levels as well as coordination with other functions in the business process chain. Strong analytical, strategic and conceptual thinking: Ability to analyze complex information, identify risks and opportunities, and plan and develop strategies to drive performance optimization.Team skills and social skills. Innovative, solution-oriented thinking. Yearly reference: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full time) for this position as the basis for negotiation: EUR 39,200, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5006406, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Development Engineer Software (mw), AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and test engineering company for propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Development Engineer Software (mw) , Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: IT Software. Your area of ​​responsibility: Analysis of established and newly developed workflows in the field of development and calibration in close cooperation with the user. Development of concepts and methods for tool support of these workflows with regard to increasing efficiency in the development and calibration of conventional and electrified drive trains as well as in the area of ​​autonomous driving and big data analysis. Software implementation of the concepts from the definition of the system architecture up to the system test on the test bench and in the vehicle. Consideration of existing tools with regard to consistency of the tool chain and generic applicability of the newly developed applications. Participation in test drives (inside and outside Austria) with regard to tool adaptations for timely data analysis. Preparation and implementation of customer presentations as part of our own tool development. Your profile: TUFHHTL with a focus on software development software design or. similar field of study. At least two years of practical experience in SW development (ArchitekturDesign). Very good programming skills in .NET, C #, Python, Visual Basic. Knowledge in database design of advantage. Knowledge of MatlabSimulink is an advantage. Flexibility and team spirit. Solution-oriented work style. Communicative personality. Yearly reference: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full time) for this position as the basis for negotiation: 45,000, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5006413, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Linux System Architect Web Operations (AWS, Azure, Hadoop, Clustering, IPv6, NoSQL, etc.) Customized solutions using the latest technologies !, Linux System Architect Web Operations (AWS, Azure, Hadoop, Clustering, IPv6, NoSQL, etc.) Individual solutions using the latest technologies !. (Jn 37800) Place of work: Vienna. You are looking for something special and would like to be a passionate Linux specialist and advise clients on complex web projects? Our client, an internationally operating company in the consulting and support of highly complex IT infrastructures, offers exactly this possibility !. Your future role. Embedded in a team of professionals with a lot of experience in web technologies and big expertise in big data and cloud services. You plan new, customized system architectures. Analyze existing IT architectures. Advise customers on the use of new and innovative technologies. Build and formulate offers You are in charge of the implementation of complex web projects. You design and implement automation measures in IT infrastructures. A sympathetic team of experts trains you to master state-of-the-art technologies !. You offer. Well-founded Linux system knowledge as well as several years of professional experience. High understanding of IT infrastructure architectures. Experience with popular web servers and proxy systems, eg Apache, Varnish and Nginx. Know-how of databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL) and virtualization systems (XEN, VMware etc.). Well-founded network and firewall knowledge. Communicative, creative, efficient and flexible. The special thing about this position. Use of the latest technologies (including Cloud platforms, Hadoop, Clustering, NoSQL, IPv6, Information Automation, etc.). Innovative and challenging projects with well-known (inter) national customers. Excellent internal and external training opportunities. Cool team, flat hierarchies, excellent accessibility. salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3100 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3100 and EUR 5700 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Mathias Fiedler (43 1 523 82 07 105), mathias. fiddler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5012883, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Linux System Engineer Web Operations (mw) Become an expert in your field !, Linux System Engineer Web Operations (mw) Become an expert in your field !. (Jn 38565) Place of work: Vienna. Our client is an international company specializing in consulting and support of highly complex IT infrastructures. A team of specialists is responsible for the implementation of national and international projects at the highest technical level.Your future role. Support and development of highly complex IT infrastructures of different customers. Administration and operation of HighPerformance websites. Conception and implementation of automation measures in IT infrastructures. Technologies used: IPv6, NoSQL, Clustering, Cloud Platforms, AWS, Azure, MySQL, PostgreSQL, CouchDB, MongoDB, Hadoop, XEN, VMware, Docker, SolarisZones and more. They provide. Several years of professional experience as Linux System Engineer. Experience with popular web servers and proxy systems. Well-founded network and ideally firewall knowledge. Know-how of databases and virtualization systems. Nice to have: scripting skills (ruby or python). Experience in configuration management of servers with Puppet. The special thing about this position. You will be able to use the latest technologies. You expect a working environment with well-known national and international customers and exciting projects. There are flat hierarchies and a DUKultur. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3100 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3100 and EUR 5000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Mathias Fiedler (43 1 523 82 07 105), mathias. fiddler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5012884, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Java Hadoop Software Developer (mw) ElasticSearch, Drill, HBase, Impala, Kafka, Spark, Flink, Storm, Java Hadoop Software Developer (mw) ElasticSearch, Drill, HBase, Impala, Kafka, Spark, Nimble, Storm. (Jn 38713) Place of work: Vienna. Our client is an international company specializing in consulting and support of highly complex IT infrastructures. A team of specialists is responsible for the implementation of national and international projects at the highest technical level.Your future role. Independent planning and implementation of original big data applications in the Java environment. Integration into the entire development cycle, from requirements analysis to implementation. Collaboration with DevOps colleagues to model data structures. Qualitative customer consultation and support on a technological level. Extension and update of the technology portfolio. They offer. Completed IT training (HTLUni, FH). Several years of experience in object-oriented Java development, ideally with Hadoop and its extensions (Drill, ElasticSearch, HBase, Impala, Kafka, Spark, Nimble, Storm, etc.). Broad understanding of technology, ideally in relation to big data environments. SQL andor NoSQL database knowledge. Good German and English skills. The special thing about this position. You will be able to use the latest technologies (Java, Hadoop, Drill, ElasticSearch, HBase, Impala, Kafka, Spark, Flink, Storm, etc.). It expects a working environment with well-known national and international customers and exciting projects.Extensive design options.Flexible Working hours.There are flat hierarchies and a DUKultur.Salt span. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 5500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Mathias Fiedler (43 1 523 82 07 105), mathias. fiddler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5012885, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Data Scientist wm, AVL is the worlds largest independent company for the development, simulation and testing of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Data Scientist wm. Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: IT Software. Your area of ​​responsibility: Implementation of data analysis algorithms through software implementation. Development of advanced and predictive models including approaches of machine learning. Definition and setup of an analysis environment for xe2x80x9eBig Data  applications. Planning and development of productivity tools. Interdisciplinary (interdisciplinary) data analysis. Responsibility for aspects of technology, costs and quality. Acquisition of projects, customer communication. Responsibility for achieving the project goals. Your profile: Technical Education (MSc, MEng or Dr.) in the Department of MathematicsStatistics, Computer ScienceTelematics, Mechanical Engineering o. Ä.Mind. 3 years relevant work experience as well as interest in the automotive environment. Experience with LinuxUnix and in the open source environment. Experience in data analysis environments, specifically based on Hadoop and Spark. Good knowledge of the programming languages ​​Python, R and C #. Good team and communication skills both internally and to the customer and ability to self-organize. Good German and English skills. Willingness to travel (~ 20%) in development projects. Annual payment: Based on the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the full year for this item as the basis for negotiation: EUR 48,000, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5024486, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Data Visualization Engineer mw, AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Data Visualization Engineer mw. Location: Europe : Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: not assigned. Her job: Support in the definition and setup of an analysis environment for xe2x80x9eBig Data  applications. Design of data visualization applications (based on BI platforms (Tableau, PowerBi) or self written frameworks (based on AngularJS, D3.ps,) as dynamic web applications Integration of existing customer based visualization tools (like Concerto, Diadem, etc.) Data management level for the execution of the visualization app (definition of the data warehouse) Support of the various experts in the necessary analysis of the data to derive corresponding engineering decisions Responsibility for aspects of technology, methodology and quality Assistance in the acquisition of projects Your goals: Technical education (MSc, MEng or Dr.) in mathematics statistics, computer science telematics, etc. Training in database connection technologies, experience with web frameworks (eg AngularJS), experience with programming languages ​​(R, Python, C #, JavaTypescript) Wed. t LinuxUnix. Interest in expanding their own core competency with a wide range of powertrain engineering applications (such as internal combustion engine, transmission, electric motor, battery, electronics, etc.). Ability to network with technical departments of OEMs. Excellent English language skills. Willingness to travel for business as part of development projects. Annual payment: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the full year for this item as the basis for negotiation: EUR 44,000, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5024808, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
IT Organizer Business Intelligence, NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. Together with your colleagues, you act as an interface between our customers and our developers. With you as a member of our 350-person IT team, we are able to offer tailor-made IT solutions for all our corporate divisions in Germany and abroad. QUALIFICATIONS WE REBEL. Completed business education (business informatics, business administration, etc.) and high IT affinity. Knowledge in the analysis of data as well as in the graphical preparation of reports. Ideally already experience in the fields of CRM, BigData and DWH. Knowledge of BusinessObjects and SQL desirable. Goal-oriented thinking and performance-oriented action. Independent, structured and accurate way of working. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Execution and management of national and international projects in the BI sector. Conception and development of company-wide BI and big data solutions. Independent analysis of business requirements. Co-design of the DWH architecture and the underlying data model. Development, maintenance and optimization of reporting in the CRM area. Direct contact person for our national and international trading companies (BILLA, MERKUR, PENNY, BIPA and ADEG). Intensive care and advice for users (eg with ad hoc analyzes). Quality assurance and documentation. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Food supplement for a cheap, healthy break. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. Annual gross salary starting from EUR 40,000 (excluding overtime lump sum) (The actual salary depends on the existing qualification and the pre-service time.). WE ARE LOOKING FOR AN IT ORGANIZER BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE. LOCATION: VIENNA. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5029223, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Data Analyst (mw) Analyst looking for Customer Experience data, Data Analyst (mw) AnalystIn looking for Customer Experience data. (Jn 39311) Place of work: Greater Wels. Our client is a popular trading company that attaches great importance to its employees and has made a name for itself as an attractive employer. Your future role. Driving forward and building up the Customer Experience Management area. Analyze and create custom data and metrics. Designing reports, interpreting the data and deriving CEM strategies. Defining customer segments and profiles. They offer. Completed education with a focus on computer science, mathematics or statistics (UniFH). Professional experience in data analysis or reporting. Experience in dealing with Excel (VBA applications) as well as with BI or data analysis tools (eg statistical software R). Number affinity and analytical thinking. The special thing about this position. Due to the size, variety and complexity of the enterprise, analytical minds who love large amounts of data find a varied and exciting challenge. Minimum salary EUR 3200 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3200 and EUR 4000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Daniela Kapl (4373261122184), daniela. kapl @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Greater Wels, 5030332, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Senior Solution Sales Executive xe2x80x93 Artificial Intelligence and Data Insights, Senior Solution Sales Executive Artificial Intelligence and Data Insights (1086150KA). Austria, Vienna. Our industry doesn respect tradition, it only respects innovation!. (Satya Nadella, CEO Microsoft). This is an exciting opportunity within Microsoft Services, seeing you take responsibility for positioning, crafting and selling our innovative solutions based on leading edge cloud solutions, Insights Internet of Things (IoT) to targeted Microsoft Customers. If your are a seasoned solution sales professional with a deep understanding of solutionproject sales and the ability to solve customer business needs through the innovative application of cloudbased business solutions you will join a successful sales team within Microsoft!. Senior Solution Sales Executive Digital Transformation Artificial Intelligence and Data (ServicesConsulting). Key Accountabilities:Support our key customers to make the most out of the digital transformation. Qualify, sell and close Data AI opportunities, using Services solutions assets and repeatable, packaged offerings wherever possible. Ensure high customer satisfaction by focusing on customer needs first, and managing, escalating, andor orchestrating sales and delivery success. Develop relationships with customer CxO level Business and Technical Decision Makers. Drive innovative solution sales scenarios through understanding the customer, the industry and the competition. Orchestrate big teams within Microsoft and team up with our partner ecosystem. Map customer business needs to Microsoft solutions providing a differentiating value proposition and leverage our industry best practices. Make use of sales and consulting techniques like Design Thinking. Create a sales plan to develop a pipeline of solutions for our customers. Build compelling proposals that address key customer requirements, pain points resulting in increased revenue and market share. Ensure opportunities are accurately qualified and mapped to customer budget cycle, aligned with Account Teams and aligned to account plan strategy. Meet or exceed your revenue and priority targets, ensuring you execute in accordance with prescribed Microsoft methods, processes and tools.Your Profile:You have an advanced degree (MBA, Masters, BABS) or equivalent work experience combined with a minimum of 8 years working experience in ConsultingSI environments with proven sales success and expertise in selling Data AI solutions. Data Analytics solutions knowledge and experience including: data warehousing, data visualization, business intelligence, predictive analytics and machine learning. You will be a seasoned solution sales professional with a deep understanding of solution sales and the ability to solve customer business needs through the innovative application of cloudbased business solutions. Proven experience in driving complex competitive solution sales scenarios, working in a matrix environment, and leading opportunities to closure is required. Youll be comfortable shaping the solution vision and working with an extened team to define the overall scope of work across Strategy, Consulting and Support. Naturally youll be resultsoriented, proactive, confident under pressure, and have demonstrated skills in solution sales. Strong leadership skills, strategic planning, excellent communication, virtualteam engagement, pursuit planning, negotiation skills and presentation skills are essential. An indepth knowledge of the sales motions that lead to successful deal pursuits combined with a demonstrated track record of closing large consultingsupport deals and exceeding annual quota targets is vital. Candidate has a network of trusted realtionships and ist able to understand customer business strategies, to position Microsoft cloudbased solutions and to present business value and return on investment (ROI).Are you willing to take this challenge?. Do you want great teaming, an international environment, a big learning experience and working at the xc2xabNEWxc2xbb Microsoft?. The way I measure my life is: Am I better than I was last year? (Satya Nadella). We offer an annual gross salary starting from EUR 85. 000 with a view to increase based on the qualification and experience of the candidate.Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity. Join an international work environment that is characterised by flexibility, an informal atmosphere, and a fast pace. We offer competitive pay and a wide range of benefits. Microsoft acknowledges your performance by investing in your health and financial future and by ensuring your worklifebalance. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5031600, Handel, , Microsoft Österreich, kcdn. atcompany3903461443logomicrosoftsterreich. companymid. gif, Wien, 1120, Am Euro Platz 3Eingang B, sameAs: microsoft. at
Information Cyber Security Manager xe2x80x93 Software Development background (mf), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Information Cyber Security Manager Software Development background (mf). This function is responsible for development and maintenance of the group wide Information Cyber Security program with focus on technical Information Cyber Security Services. This function transforms the strategic requirements from the overall strategy into processes on group level as well as develops metrics for ongoing performance measurement and reporting. In scope are design, implementation and continuous improvement of Cybersecurity services and processes, such as SIEMSOC, Data Leakage Prevention, Incident Management, Cloud Security, Vulnerability Management, Penetration Testing, Application Security, etc. Focus on design of Information Security aspects in particular of software development. Responsibilities include definition of suitable standards, frameworks, methodologies processes and assurance that all information security measures are adequately implemented to prevent business disruptions or harm to RBI group resources (data, systems), e. g. through electronic fraud, cyberattacks, advanced persistent threats (APT), distributed denialofservice attacks (DDOS), or similar.What you can expect:Develop and maintain group security regulations (secure coding policies) according to established security standards. Conduct security risk assessments and compliance checks to identify the effectiveness of controls and the derived risk status within RBI Group. Advice local security managers of RBI network units and the relevant stakeholders in head office on the implementation of group security policiesstandardsguidelines and the effectiveness of security measures. Analyze and evaluate risks of security relevant changes in projects or runthebank operations as well as identify vulnerabilities security risks and draw up proposals for improvements andor initiate countermeasures. Participate in security projects (as business representative for security management). Advice local security managers of RBI network units on the implementation of group security policiesstandardsguidelines and the effectiveness of security measures. Support establishment and maintenance of group wide security services including cost, contract and vendor management. Research, evaluate and recommend evolving Information Cyber Security technologies. Foster a culture that promotes Information Cyber Security within RBI Group and act as a bridge builder in areas of conflicts. Maintain relationships with key partners within the business units as well as within the Second Line of Defense units. What you bring to the table:Expert knowledge and experience in Information Security with regards to concepts, methodologies, technologies and products. Have a master degree in SecurityEngineering, Computer science. Deep knowledge of and experience in software development. Deep knowledge with security systems and processes (SIEM, DLP, IAM, Encryption, Network security including Firewalls, WAF, IPSIDS, xe2x80xa6). Expert knowledge in technical Information security architecture. Expert knowledge in security in Webtechnologies (e. g. Application Security, APISecurity, Mobile Security) and penetration testing experience. Practical experience in IT Security area in large enterprises. Ability for independent decisionmaking and issue resolution. Strong team orientation. Good command of written and spoken English and German. Security certifications (e. g. CEH, ECSALPT, CISP, CCSPxe2x80xa6) are an asset. Experience in a large international banking environment is an asset. What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at EUR 46. 500 gross p. a. excluding overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability.We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5031637, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Medical Manager (mf) Immunology, Johnson Johnson, through its operating companies, is the worlds most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices and diagnostics markets. We strive to provide scientifically sound, high quality products and services to help heal, cure disease and improve the quality of life. Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson Johnson for over 125 years. With $71. 9 billion in 2016 sales, we are the worlds most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices and diagnostics markets. There are more than 260 Johnson Johnson operating companies employing approximately 126, 500 people and with products touching the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world.Medical Manager (mf) Immunology. Requisition ID: 1701494541W. Within this fantastic role you will be accountable for the medical strategy and execution to achieve business company objectives of your responsible disease. Lead the disease area medical team by coordinating, coaching and developing talent and continuously improving processes and ways of working.Job responsibilities:Leads a team of employees and is responsible for their development planning and ensures capability building. Leads and steers the disease area in the development and execution of the medical plan and the MidTerm Plan (MTP) in line with the EMEAIBVT medical strategy. Acts as a member of our Cluster Value Team (CVT). Directs medical activities to ensure that quantitative and qualitative targets are achieved. Drives an optimal crossfunctional collaboration between Commercial, Selling and Medical Affairs (MAF) in the Alpine cluster (Austria Switzerland). Forecasts and manages the medical budget for the disease area. Supports Medical Scientific Experts (MSE) and Medical Scientific Liaisons (MSL) in building strong partnership with relevant external stakeholders in building and maintaining a strong visibility for Janssen in this network. Supports MSE and MSL in executing the Medical Affairs Plan (MAF Plan). Accountable for the execution of the MAF and MSL activity plans in the medical team. Establishes relationships to internal external stakeholders and KOLs. Ensures optimal collaboration with the Global Clinical Operations (GCO). Fosters development and implementation of innovative, customerdriven as well as patientcentric solutions. Reviews and certifies medical education material, succinct statements and all other material that has to be approved. Qualifications. Scientific degree: Medical Doctor, Pharmaceutical or Natural Science university degree. Minimum 35 years relevant work experience within the Pharma industry and Health Care Environment. Deep knowledge of the disease area, strength in research and interpretation of medical data is mandatory. Provide leadership and medical expertise in the development of patient centric strategic programs in line with global strategy and support local product registration and marketing. Excellent Project Management with strong skills in prioritization and execution. Strong Communication Skills. Advanced business acumen (result driven) and strategic thinking. Demonstrates business acumen and ability to collaborate across functions. Fluency in German and English required (written and verbal), French is considered an advantage. We offer excellent conditions of employment and possibilities for further career growth within our company. For this position we are offering an annual gross salary starting at 75. 000 EUR (excl. variable component). Depending on your skills, qualifications and experience this can be negotiated. If you are looking for an opportunity to join one of the worlds leading healthcare companies, in an exciting position, apply online attaching your English CV and cover letter. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5031898, Gesundheitswesen, Soziales, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Mitarbeitergeschenke, Johnson Johnson, kcdn. atcompany74563200921logogross. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Vorgartenstraße 206B, sameAs: jnj. comjanssen. comaustria jnjaustria. atjnjmedical. at
ITDemandmanagerIn Business Analyst, Wien Energie is the largest regional energy provider in Austria. The company supplies more than two million people, around 230,000 commercial and industrial plants and 4,500 agricultural businesses in Vienna, Lower Austria and Burgenland with electricity, natural gas, heat and cold. We inspire our customers through environmentally aware actions, innovations and team spirit. We are looking for a motivated team to strengthen our team in the IT department: ITDemandmanager Business Analyst. Your main tasks. First contact person for the introduction of innovative solutions as well as advising the department in the development of IT solutions. Support during the initial project setup, sparring partner for project managers in the departments and interface function and moderation between Wien Energie and its IT service providers. Support of the technical power plant operation in the identification, selection and introduction of innovative solutions, for example on the topics of IoT and Big Data Analytics. Quality gate function for IT requirements, monitoring of project implementation as well as reporting to decision-makers. Participation in the continuous development of IT management. Your ideal profile. Completed technical education with an IT focus (Matura, Uni, FH). First professional experience and a good understanding of business processes. Knowledge of the functioning and structure of IT systems as well as in the areas of IT architecture, data modeling, and service-oriented architecture (SOA) desirable. Know-how in the project and process management advantageous. Excellent German and good English skills. Strong communication, analytical thinking, flexibility and team spirit. What awaits you here. As a personality with drive and solution orientation you shape the IT landscape of the future. They network in the company and develop personally and professionally in the IT management team. Very good development and training opportunities in a leading energy company in Austria. For this position we offer a minimum salary of 3. 243, 98 EUR gross per month, depending on qualifications and work experience, as well as the willingness to overpay if necessary. Are you full of energy and ready for the next step? Then apply online here and we look forward to hearing from you! Vienna Energy. Human Resources Department. Sabine Leisentritt. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5033975, energy industry, environment, Wien Energie GmbH, kcdn. atcompany14220412255logowienenergiegmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, ThomasKlestil Platz 14, sameAs: wienergie. at
Actuary Data Analyst (mw), The most trustworthy insurance in Austria will not be overnight. This requires fresh thinking an attitude that is optimistic and solution-oriented. Do you think that you are thinking that way? Then strengthen our team in Vienna in the AT control as. Actuary Data Analyst (mw). What to expect: Implementation of statistical customer segmentation. Development and further development of forecasting models such as risk of cancellation, expansion potential or Next Best Product. Data mining analysis models using SAS (Enterprise Miner) or Python. Preparation and visualization of the results. Construction and further development of the SAS customer database and use of the digital customer file. Interface tasks to sales and national directorates in the area of ​​customer key figures and customer management. We expect: Education in statistics and / or actuarial science. Experience with SAS or other statistical software. Statistical knowledge, in particular for regression analysis and pattern recognition. Programming knowledge and experience in data management (ideally SAS). Insurance knowledge in the area of ​​persons and property insurance. Relevant work experience of advantage. Teamwork, commitment or further training. Our ideal candidate has the following UNIQA Group competencies: Autonomy: You are reliable, responsible and go your own way. Result orientation: You achieve goals reliably and on time. Business sense: You recognize market opportunities and use them. Setting priorities: you have an eye for the essentials. Ability to solve problems: they solve difficulties methodically. Your annual minimum wage: 39. 287 euros gross. With special qualifications and experience, more salary is also possible.UNIQA Insurance Group AG. HR Business Partner Nicola Koubowetz Untere Donaustraße 21 A1029 Vienna Tel: (43 1) 211 752111 EMail: nicola. koubowetz @ uniqa. at., 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5034111, Banking, Financial, Insurance,, UNIQA Insurance Group AG, kcdn. atcompany27733261512uniqua. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1029, Untere Donaustraße 21, sameAs: uniqa. at
Junior Risk Reporting Data Analyst (wm), you want to accompany BAWAG P.S.K. on your way to the most efficient omnichannel bank in Austria and are looking for a challenging job in a dynamic industry? We rely on simple and transparent products and pick up our customers wherever they are: in the middle of life. Go this way with us !. JUNIOR RISK REPORTING DATA ANALYST (wm). Market Liquidity Risk Controlling. Your tasks: Preparation and coordination of the database to determine the risk position in OneSumX. Creation of internal risk reports (ALCO reporting) as well as ad hoc analyzes. Optimization of regular and ad hoc reporting processes within Market Liquidity Risk Controlling. Further development of data interfaces and ETL processes (in cooperation with IT). Contact for internal projects for the implementation of regulatory requirements, changes in the systems and optimization of data quality. Collaboration in the maintenance and development of software used in risk management with regard to model construction and parameterization for various simulations and analyzes. Your profile: Studied business administration or business informatics or comparable training. Basic knowledge in financial mathematics and knowledge of treasury products. Very good knowledge in the area of ​​reporting, data analysis and preparation, knowledge of risk systems (eg OneSumX, QRM, Ambit) and Treasury FrontOffice systems (eg Kondor, Front Arena). Well-grounded computer skills, especially with regard to SQL and MS Office (especially ExcelVBA), further programming knowledge (eg Java, C) is an advantage. Willingness to learn, very good analytical skills and goal-oriented and structured way of working. Fluent German and English spoken and written. We offer: An exciting job and the opportunity to actively shape the future of banking as an expert or manager in a dynamic time. An environment in which women and men with self-motivation and motivation can achieve a great deal, while at the same time achieving a good balance between their private and professional obligations. Attractive career and training opportunities as well as numerous social benefits and benefits. For this position, a full-time KV minimum basic salary of EUR 32.956, 28 gross annually. Depending on experience and vocational training, there is a willingness to overpayment. Your contact person for this position: Martina Simek. We look forward to receiving your application. In the meantime you have to start with BAWAG P. S. K. jobs. bawagpsk. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5034498, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Well Connected , Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home Office, Company retirement plans, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, BAWAG PSK, kcdn. atcompany422367508logobawagpsk. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Georg Koch Square 2, same as: bawagpsk. com
E2E Solution Designer (mf), To strengthen our End to End Solution Design team in Vienna, we are looking for an energetic and enthusiastic. E2E Solution Designer (mf). Fulltime. At Liberty Global you will be working in an exciting and dynamic international work environment. Play an active role in shaping our future!. Your Responsibilities:Work with local and corporate business stakeholders on future product direction and technology capability. Review project requirements with business analysts and product owners and translate them into solution designs. Produce and own the E2E Solution Design Document which will be the reference document for the technical implementation. Validate the deliverables produced by the internal andor external development teams against the solution design. Work with Integration Managers and operations on the deployment plans and the nonfunctional requirements for the solution. Some travelling to other Liberty Global countries may be required for team meetings andor project work from time to time. Your Skills:A degree in Computer ScienceNetworkingComputer Engineering or equivalent work experience in any of those fields. Recent SolutionArchitecture Design experience in a Telco environment, preferably 5 years on a variety of projects. Previous hands on experience in software development, systems integration, end to end testing or data management. Good knowledge in at least 2 of the following areas: Web portals and ecommerce platforms, Identity Management, Middleware applications, CRM Billing applications, Order Management, Service Oriented Architecture and API design. Experience in UML design principles e. g. use case diagrams, sequence diagrams. Excellent command of the English language (spoken written), good understanding of German is a plus. We offer you:An interesting and diversified position. The opportunity of further developing your career within our organization. Various fringe benefits such as jobtickettravel expense allowance, discounts on products of UPC and partner companies, pension fund, health program and much more. A gross salary starting at EUR 50. 000 p. a. the actual salary is depending on qualification and experience. Please send us your motivational letter and CV to apply for this job. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5034563, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Essenszulage, Snacks, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, UPC Austria, kcdn. atcompany27952278426logoupc. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1120, Wolfganggasse 5860, sameAs: upc. at
User Acquisition Manager (mf), User Acquisition Manager (mf). Vienna, Austria. About. To professionalize and scale our paid user acquisition efforts, we e looking for a User Acquisition Manager. Paid user acquisition is what drives sustainable growth. As User Acquisition Manager, youll manage ad budgets above EUR100k across multiple channels. Your mission will be to define and hit growth goals with us.Our Story. We got started in 2015, when Dennis, Henry, Johannes, and Lorenz dropped out of school or quit their jobs to work on a better way of learning. After three insane months at the Techstars accelerator program, we launched Mimo in August 2016, which got picked up by news media like The New York Times and featured on the App Store in more than 100 countries. Since then, weve grown fast in size and users and are always looking for great people to join us.Our Values. At Mimo, we believe in datadriven decision making and the importance of focus, fun, selfmotivation, and transparency.What youll do at Mimo. Creating, monitoring, and optimizing advertising campaigns across channels. Experimenting with additional user acquisition channels. Collaborating with designers, the product team, and external partners. Some of the tools that we use. Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, Apple Search Ads, etc.Adjust, Mixpanel, etc.We think that itll be important for you to. Have two or more years of experience in paid user acquisition. Know how to work with performance marketing and tracking tools. Be a datadriven person with strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Bonus points. Experience in paid user acquisition in a subscription business environment. Experience with data science. We e more than a place to work. We value your time and well do everything we can to make sure youll enjoy every minute you work at Mimo.Relocation package mentorship. Team activities retreats. Latest Technology. Work from. anywhere. Salary. EUR42. 000 EUR64. 000. You can expect competitive compensation between 42, 000EUR 64, 000EUR (based on your experience) and shares in our company. If you want to be part of a learning revolution, now is the time. Join us and help us find the best way to learn about technology!. Apply now. , 20180313T16: 52: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5035364, Internet, IT, Telekom, Getränke, Mitarbeiternotebook, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mimohello GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1113133204890artboard4. companymid. png, Wien, 1030, Marxergasse 242, sameAs: getmimo. com
Frontend Engineer (mf), Frontend Engineer (mf). Vienna, Austria. About. To deliver the best experience to our users, we e looking for a Frontend Engineer. As a Frontend Engineer, youll collaborate with our iOS, Android and Backend developers as well as with our Course Engineers. Together, we will build new features and products that will change the lives of millions of Mimo users.Our Story. We got started in 2015, when Dennis, Henry, Johannes, and Lorenz dropped out of school or quit their jobs to work on a better way of learning. After three insane months at the Techstars accelerator program, we launched Mimo in August 2016, which got picked up by news media like The New York Times and featured on the App Store in more than 100 countries. Since then, weve grown fast in size and users and are always looking for great people to join us.Our Values. At Mimo, we believe in datadriven decision making and the importance of focus, fun, selfmotivation, and transparency.What youll do at Mimo. Developing new features from idea to implementation. Collaborating with Course Engineers to improve our course builder. Working together with our Designers to create the best user experience. Some of the tools that we use. Angular. Elm. Webpack. Rest XML. redux (ngrx). SASS. We think that itll be important for you to. Have three or more years working as a developer. Have good knowledge about the Web and its technologies (HTML, CSS, JS,). Have experience with one ore more of the most common JS libs (like React, Angular, Ember, Backbone, Redux, Flux, xe2x80xa6). Bonus points. Have experience with functional programming languages. Know how to write good tests. Have knowledge about solid architecture of big javascript applications. We e more than a place to work. We value your time and well do everything we can to make sure youll enjoy every minute you work at Mimo.Relocation package mentorship. Team activities retreats. Latest Technology. Work from. anywhere. Salary. EUR42. 000 EUR64. 000. You can expect competitive compensation between 42, 000EUR 64, 000EUR (based on your experience) and shares in our company. If you want to be part of a learning revolution, now is the time. Join us and help us find the best way to learn about technology!. Apply now. , 20180313T16: 51: 520100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5035371, Internet, IT, Telekom, Getränke, Mitarbeiternotebook, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mimohello GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1113133204890artboard4. companymid. png, Wien, 1030, Marxergasse 242, sameAs: getmimo. com
Software Developer (mw), To strengthen our team at our locations either Wien, WienUmgebung or Linz, we are looking for a creative JavaEngineer (mw) for developments around our application framework xe2x80x9em2n Intelligence Management  oror JavaWebDevelopments in exciting customer projects with great visibility. Innovative open space, great ambience and exciting tasks such as visualization, information retrieval, model-based application development, data harmonization and semantic technologies as well as dynamic web interfaces await you. Youre working on our solutions to automatically detect fraud patterns, intelligently support citizenship, or analyze large, heterogeneous databases. Senior Java Developer (mw), full-time. for innovative tasks. m2n consulting development gmbh is an Austrian research and development company focusing on high-end technologies of model-based application development and knowledge discovery. In FEP projects we implement innovative solutions for application areas in the public sector and in the industry. Your qualifications: You have a completed technology-oriented education (UniFH, eg computer science) or you are about to graduate or have relevant experience. You have good knowledge in object-oriented Interested in semantic technologies and search retrieval or knowledge discovery, machine learning artifical intelligence or BigDataTechnologien.Du has optional experience in Web technologies and are familiar with WebServices and XML.Du draw yourself by independent, proactive way of working. ThinkingoutsideoftheBox and innovative ability are particularly pronounced in you.Du like to solve complex tasks and are open to creative ideas. You act as a team player, has assertiveness, are reliable and willing to actively shape your work environment.Deine tasks: You are for conception, design and (Further) Development of xe2x80x9em2n Intelligence Management  Framework components. In cooperation with our domestic and international customers and partners, you customize our product, xe2x80x9em2n Intelligence Management  Framework, to specific requirements. You shape your work environment and bring your experience as a developer We offer: Varied and challenging activities in a dynamic and young team. Tensioning topics and tasks and a lot of creative freedom. Working in projects with agile working methods (like S crum) and Testdriven Development.An ideal working environment with space for your own development, pool and park inclusive.Self-specific, flexible Zeiteinteilung.Bezahlung ITKV your qualification and experience (minimum salary according to ST1 for beginners 2. 400EUR gross) .We look forward to Your application! Please send your documents by email to: m2n consulting and develpopment gmbh Martina Wachter wachter @ m2n. at, 0660 7119872 Web: m2n. atindexdflt. php? strInhalt = hmajobs. htm. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, WienUmgebung, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5037465, Internet, IT, Telecom,, m2n consulting and development gmbh, kcdn. atcompany17939355610logom2nconsultinganddevelopmentgmbh. companymid. gif, MariaAnzbach, 3033, Götzwiesenstraße 6, sameAs: m2n. at
Head of IT Software Development CTO (wm), Head of IT Software Development CTO (wm). (Jn 40607) Place of work: Vienna. Would you like to contribute your experience and expand your field of duties? Do you fancy a dynamic and complex environment? Then you are exactly right with our customer, a young and successful company with over 50 co-workers, with innovative and future-oriented solutions. Here you have the opportunity to get involved, to advance the company, to develop the team and to shape the future.Your future role. Overall responsibility for the IT area with emphasis on web platform software development (ECommerce). Planning and implementation of the technological strategy. Requirements management and coordination with internal and external partners. Personnel development and recruiting. They offer. Several years of professional experience in software development (Lead Developer, Architect, CTO). At least 3 years leadership experience. Broad IT know-how and the ability to familiarize yourself with new technologies. Understanding and experience with JavaScript, ideally with Node. js, plus NoSQL SQL, cloud infrastructure, modern frontend frameworks, app development, big data, etc.Cooperative Leadership. Handson mentality, creative and innovative. The special thing about this position. An excellent opportunity for professional development. Meaningful task area. Value-oriented environment. Top location in Vienna. Attractive salary package. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 5000 gross (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 5000 and EUR 6400 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Sven Straßgschwandtner (43 1 523 82 07 75), sven. Strassgschwandtner @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5039216, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
IT Product Manager Digital Services (mw), We are looking for you. IT Product Manager Digital Services (mw). The TGW Logistics Group, an internationally growing group of companies, is one of the global players in intralogistics. In this position you make a significant contribution to the further development of our successful after-sales segment. They support and coordinate the roll-out and ongoing development of our maintenance planning software xe2x80x9eTGW CMMS . This is a service product for the digital planning, coordination and optimization of all maintenance processes of an intralogistics system. The software is used by both our customers and employees. As part of your duties and responsibilities, you work closely with the key users of the global TGW branches in an international environment. Together, you ensure ease of use and process compliance, significantly contributing to the success of the TGW BIG DATA program. Project management of the international roll-out of the maintenance planning system xe2x80x9eTGW CMMS  including operational product responsibility. Continuous development and optimization of the software including interface definition (among others to SAP). Collaboration with local key users of TGWs global offices. Main contact for our external IT system partner in all product and project matters. Ongoing exchange with our big data management team. CONDITIONS. Completed higher education (HTL undoder Studium), preferably in the field of computer science. Sound IT knowledge about database and interface technologies as well as interest in new technologies and their economic application (eg Big Data, IOT). Mind. 35 years experience in IT project and product management. Interest in topics such as after sales, customer care as well as maintenance and servicing of industrial plants. Excellent communication skills and very good German and English skills. Looking for a varied and responsible position with freedom of design. Willingness to travel up to 50% (international, with focus on Europe). WE OFFER. In this item, the collective agreement minimum basic salary is EUR 41. 286, gross per year. The amount of the overpayment depends on your individual work experience and qualification. In addition, we offer the security of a company in private hands, flexible working hours and a collegial working environment with attractive additional benefits. Use your skills for an exciting career and start in a varied field of activity in the international network for automated logistics technology. Be part of our dynamic team !. Melanie Stadler. 43 7242 486 1171. To the application form. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wels, Upper Austria, AT, 5040547, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Company doctor, Fitness offers, Company car, Mentor program, Parking, Good connectivity, Training, Flexible hours, Employee benefits, employee bonuses, TGW Logistics Group GmbH, kcdn. atcompany32441546255logotgwlogisticsgroupgmbh. companymid. gif, Wels, 4600, Collmannstrasse 2, sameAs: tgwgroup. com
Associate Datamining, NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. With your reports and analyzes, you support our central purchasing department in making key decisions and provide valuable information that will ensure the success of our company. QUALIFICATIONS WE REWARD. University degree with emphasis on statistical methods (preferably mathematics, business informatics, statistics, or similar). First work experience in data mining. Excellent programming skills in SQL and R as well as additional programming skills and languages ​​(Phyton, Java Script, SAS) are an advantage. Profound computer skills in MS Office and ideally Business Objects. Understand and recognize business requirements. Experience in dealing with BIG DATA. Strong analytical skills. High team ability and solution orientation. Affinity to numbers and IT systems as well as networked and solution-oriented thinking. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Development and evaluation of concepts, models and tools for optimizing and controlling the assortment (action, price). Time series analysis of product groups with regard to different key figures. Independent analysis of existing processes as well as derivation and implementation of improvement measures. Creation of reports for assortment and price control as well as support of our category managers. Ongoing cooperation in the further development of technical assortment structures, working methods and systems. Interface between several departments. Implementation support of the developed analytical methods in the existing software infrastructure. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Food supplement for a cheap, healthy break in our on-site restaurants. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Good public transport and parking on site. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. Annual gross salary from EUR 40,000 (The amount of the actual salary depends on the existing qualification as well as the prior service hours.). WE LOOK FOR AN EMPLOYEE DATAMINING. LOCATION: WR. NEUDORF. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5040580, Commerce, Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Specialist Big Data IT (wm), AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Specialist Big Data IT ( wm). Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: IT Software. Your task: Definition and implementation of a data management system for xe2x80x9eBig Data  applications. Development and operation (DevOps) of systems for distributed data storage. Implementation of ETL processes (telemetric and stationary). Integration of solutions in enterprise IT environments. Responsibility for aspects of technology, costs and quality. Acquisition of projects, customer communication. Responsibility for achieving the project goals. Your profile: Technical Education (MSc, MEng or Dr.) in Computer ScienceTelematics, MathematicsStatistics, o. Ä. Knowledge in Database Technologies (SQL and NonSQL). Experience in data storage in the context of Hadoop (HDFS, HBase, Hive, etc.) and related file formats (AVRO, Parquet, etc.). Experience with LinuxUnix, in the open source environment as well as in the operation of corresponding server environments. Knowledge of the programming languages ​​Python, R and C #. Good team and communication skills. Excellent English language skills. Yearly reference: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full time) for this position as the basis for negotiation: EUR 47,000, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5040897, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Market Manager IoT Big Data (mw), Market Manager IoT Big Data (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 82384. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 01. 04. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time unlimited. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 025%. Job Description. Is your ability to drive the marketing of our IoT Big Data products forward? Shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate simply and reliably. Your job: As Market Manager IoT Big Data, you will be responsible for the marketing of our IoT Big Data products. Concretely, you will observe the market and identify relevant target groups for IoT Big Data products. You will work closely with the product manager and develop the products together They are responsible for the positioning and pricing of IoT Big Data products. They identify ways to maintain customer footing and increase the value of the customer base. They work closely with the sales team and other relevant stakeholders They plan events and trade show appearances and design the online presence of IoT Big Data products. They design campaigns and present the IoT Big Data products and services at sales events. Requirements. You are a marketing professional, stand out from the crowd and are passionate about cutting-edge innovation issues. You have completed a university education with a business or technical focus. You have several years of work experience in a similar position in marketing and have extensive pricing know-how. You are in top form in the project management. Convenient written and spoken English as well as excellent MSOffice knowledge and complete your profile. You are a team player, resilient and purposeful and will tackle your tasks with enthusiasm. Safe appearance and very good presentation skills are natural for you. TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the telecom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 300 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. Depending on your qualification, your experience and your commitment, we offer an attractive, market-conforming salary for this position. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is approx. EUR 45,000. Does that connect us? Take the next step. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 300 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. Depending on your qualification, your experience and your commitment, we offer an attractive, market-conforming salary for this position. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is approx. EUR 45,000. Does that connect us? Take the next step. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5041845, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Employee Data Analyst (mw), As the largest regional bank in Austria, VOLKSBANK WIEN AG operates branches in Vienna and the surrounding area and focuses on the optimum benefit for our private clients as well as for small and medium-sized companies. Customer proximity is a central component of our success. At the same time, VOLKSBANK WIEN AG fulfills its role as central money and bank and as the central organization of credit institutions in the Volksbank sector (according to xc2xa7 30 a BWG). Employee Data Analyst (mw). Place of employment: Vienna. Your tasks: Analysis and interpretation of data using statistical methods. Preparation and provision of current reports and reports. Development and implementation of databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies to optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Data provisioning from relevant data sources as well as the ongoing maintenance of the databases. Identification, analysis and interpretation of trends, patterns in complex data sets. Filtering and data cleansing by reviewing ongoing reports Key Performance Indicators with the goal of localizing and sustainably remedying sources of error. Collaborate with Product Service Design, Product Owners, Business Development, and prioritize business and information needs. Identify and implement new process improvements and opportunities. Your profile: Completed degree in (mathematics) mathematics statistics, economics, information technology, information management. Technical expertise in data modeling, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques. Experience and expertise in data banks (SQL etc) and programming (XML, Javascript or ETL frameworks). StatisticsKnowledge and experience in the use of Reporting Packages to analyze DataSet (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc). Strong analytical skills and the ability to collect, organize, analyze and distribute significant amounts of information. High standards of accuracy and detail. Excellent knowledge in the preparation Presentation of reports and results. Your application: Create with us the best regional bank in the east of Austria! We support you in your professional and personal development through your entire professional career and guarantee a minimum KV content of EUR 31. 201, 24 per year. Relevant qualifications and work experience are also taken into account. Convince us with your convincing application documents and become part of our team! If you see a challenge in this position, please apply to: VOLKSBANK WIEN AG. Johannes Schedl. volksbank Vienna. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5041847, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good Connectivity , Training and further education, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Company pension, Employee loans, VOLKSBANK WIEN AG, kcdn. atcompany184021599422logovolksbankwienag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, Kolingasse 1416, sameAs: volksbankwien. at
Senior Data Scientist (mw) for Innovative Machine Learning Models Artificial intelligence is your passion ?, Senior Data Scientist (mw) for Innovative Machine Learning Models Artificial intelligence is your passion. (Jn 40725) Place of work: Linz. Our client is a globally successful software company that has made a name for itself with top products and services among its international customers. Your future role. Together with your colleagues from the team Data Science, you are responsible for the (further) development of innovative machine learning models. In your role, you take over the design of concrete use cases to analyze and process large amounts of data. The continuous coordination with the software and product development complete your diversified task profile. They offer. Completed training with emphasis on IT as well as several years of professional experience in the field of machine learning. Know-how in software development (Java, C andor Python). Knowledge of relevant frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch Co. The special feature of this position. Exciting and innovative AI projects. Collaboration in a highly motivated team in an international environment. Professional environment in which the fun at work is not neglected. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Jennifer Plutsch, BSc (43 732 61 12 21163), jennifer. plutsch @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5042250, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Data Scientist (mw), NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. You are responsible for the analysis and further development of existing forecasting algorithms. With you as a member of our 350-person IT team, we are able to offer tailor-made IT solutions for all our corporate divisions in Germany and abroad. QUALIFICATIONS WE REBEL. Completed business education (Business Information Systems, Business Administration, etc.) and high affinity for statistics and IT. Practical experience with the statistics tool R and good SQL knowledge (Oracle of advantage). Independent, solution-oriented and structured way of working. High level of customer and service orientation. Analytical and critical thinking. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Independent preparation and analysis of large volumes of structured and unstructured data. Conception and further development of group-owned forecasting systems. Derivation of concrete measures based on analysis results together with the specialist departments of the Group in Germany and abroad. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. A pleasant working atmosphere for self-determined work in a collegiate team. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. An annual gross salary starting from EUR 40,000, as well as attractive premiums for special commitment (The amount of the actual salary depends on the existing qualification as well as the pre-employment times.). WE LOOK FOR A DATA SCIENTIST (MW). LOCATION: WR. NEUDORF. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5042568, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Product Manager For IoT Solutions, Product Manager For IoT Solutions. We are looking for a product manager for our Pulp Drying international division in Graz: The ANDRITZ GROUP is one of the worlds leading suppliers of plants, equipment and services for hydroelectric power plants, the pulp and paper industry, the metalworking and steel industries and municipal and industrial solid-liquid separation. The headquarters of the listed international technology group, which employs around 25,300 people worldwide, is located in Graz, Austria. ANDRITZ operates more than 250 locations worldwide. Your tasks. Product development of IoT solutions for pulp drying systems, from the development of a product strategy to the planning monitoring of the FEP project budget. Market and competitor analysis including definition and execution of product strategies for future requirements. Establishment of a sales model including the associated marketing concept based on costs and energy saving potential and the corresponding KPI. Your profile. Experience in both technical and business oriented positions. Understanding of business models. Experience in project and team management. Experience in mathematics, statistics, big data, data processing and software design. High responsibility and resilience. Independent, structured and accurate careful operation. Very good knowledge of English. Communication skills and teamwork, willingness to travel. Our range. After intensive training we offer very independent and varied tasks. For this position, a collective agreement minimum gross salary of EUR 3. 192, 58 months applies. Depending on your professional qualifications and relevant professional experience, an overpayment is agreed. Development opportunities within our worldwide operating company are open to you. Your application. Please apply via our online application tool. You have the possibility to upload your application documents (curriculum vitae, school and study certificates, official certificates, photo). We look forward to receiving your application !. Sandra Mick Telephone: 43 (316) 6902 3064. ANDRITZ AG Stattegger Strasse 18 8045 Graz. andritz. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5043207, energy industry, environment, canteen, meal allowance, company doctor, fitness offers, parking, education and training, child care, employee events, flexible working hours, employee benefits, ANDRITZGRUPPE, kcdn. atcompany301296388logoandritzag. companymid. jpg, Graz, 8045, Stattegger Straße 18, sameAs: andritz. com
Project Manager (Maternity Cover), Project Manager (Maternity Cover). Media. Red Bull Media House is a global media company that produces, distributes and publishes authentic content and inspirational entertainment programming in the sports and lifestyle genres. From film to television, print to digital media, music and games, the companys products can be experienced on the latest devices and platforms, fascinating audiences worldwide. For more information visit redbullmediahouse. com. Due to maternity leave, the position will be filled temporarily.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull Media House. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). In a nutshellAs Project Manager, you will support the management with projects for the further improvement of our Sales tool (SAP C4C) and optimization of the according processes. In some cases this will involve tracking milestones and ensuring targets are achieved, while in others you will be managing the projects from beginning to end.Planning Implementation of ProjectsYou will support, plan and implement projects. This includes preparing the agenda for meetings and leading meetings. Additionally, you e regularly monitoring and optimizing workflows and processes.Analytics KPIsYou will analyze statistics, research data, develop KPIs and provide action recommendations for different projects. Youll collect and compile departmentrelated reports. Furthermore, youll support data quality management.Defining global standardsYou are always looking to improve things? As Project Manager, youll identify, develop, implement, update global standards as well as best practices and raise it to next level.First level support, Key user training WorkshopsYoull responsible for first level support and change requests. Thereby, youll act as interface between business and IT. Youll train the key users and develop training manuals. Furthermore, you train the international Sales force in our Sales tool.Your experience includes:(proven performance in). First practical experience in project management.Good understanding of financial KPIs and financial figures.Able to conduct costbenefit analysis.Well organized, able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and perform multiple tasks seamlessly.Strong organizational skills, ability to stay focused under pressure.Ability to handle the demands of different personality types.Proven ability to handle confidential information with discretion.A professional and positive demeanor.High interest in Sales and Media TV Business.Bachelors or Masters degree in Business Administration, Communications Science, Media Technology or similar.Excellent written and verbal communication skills in German and English. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1. 690 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5044193, Medien, Verlagswesen, , Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals bei Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStraße 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
IT Software Developer Junior (mf), With approximately 8, 700 employees worldwide, AGRANA is one of the leading sugar companies in Central and Eastern Europe, a top manufacturer of customerspecific starch products in Europe, and the largest supplier of bioethanol in Austria and Hungary, not to mention being the global leader in fruit preparations an one of Europexc2xb4s most important producers of fruit juice concentrates.IT Software Developer Junior (mf). Your task:Investigation of user problems and needs, identification of their source and determination of possible solutions. Continuous analysis of user project proposals to identify potential problem areas and recommend best approaches for project path. Participation in the development, implementation, installation and testing of applications software. Creation of training materials and assistance in training and workshops. Investigation, recommendation and installation of new applications or functionalities. Documentation of solutions for future reference. Your ideal Profile:Completed technical education (HTL, UniversityFH) or Bachelors or Masters degree with IT focus (e. g. Computer Sciences). Good English and German skills (other languages beneficial). Knowledge about programming languages like ABAP, C#, Java or JavaScript is preferable. Interested in software development and computer technology. Ability to evaluate and interpret end user information requirements, and to develop appropriate systems andor application programs. Knowledge of computer science, data analysis, programming languages, concepts and techniques. Ability to learn and support new applications and systems. Capacity for teamwork as well as highlevel of communication and social skills. Our offer:Excellent occupational and personal development perspectives within an international company with headquarter in Austria.An independent, responsible position with varied activities within a dynamic team.Various internal company benefits e. g. staff canteen, various sport and leisure time activities, etc.Due to mandatory reasons, we kindly inform you that the gross annual compensation in accordance with the collective bargaining agreement for this function is at least EUR 27. 369, 44. But our attractive salary packages are oriented by actual market salaries.Contact Person:Frau HeidiMaria GABL. If you are interested in this challenging position,please apply at agrana. com. agrana. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5044627, Industrie, Produktion, Kantine, Fitnessangebote, Aus und Weiterbildung , AGRANA BeteiligungsAG, kcdn. atcompany57423202061agranarotgrosshr2. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, FriedrichWilhelmRaiffeisenPlatz 1, sameAs: agrana. com
Local Safety Administrator (mf), Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson Johnson for 125 years. We embrace research and science bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and wellbeing of people. At Janssen, a pharmaceutical company of Johnson Johnson, we are dedicated to addressing and solving some of the most important unmet medical needs of our time in therapeutic areas as Oncology, Hematology, Immunology, CNS and Infectiology. Driven by our dedication to patients, we bring innovative products, services and solutions to people throughout the world. Currently we are looking for a quickwitted and committed person to join our Pharmacovigilance team located in Vienna:Local Safety Administrator (mf) 19hweek. Requisition ID: 1700201316W. Main responsibilities:As Local Safety Administrator you provide support to the Country Safety Team Lead (CSTL) and Local Safety Specialist (LSS) in all administrative aspects of Safety Management and Reporting at the Janssen Local Operating Company level.Adhering to local and central procedures you provide support for the collection and processing of Adverse Events (AEs), AEs combined with Product Quality Complaints (AE PQCs) and special reporting situations obtained through the following sources: spontaneous, solicited data generating activities, Local Regulatory Authorities (RAs) and all other potential sources.You conduct administrative review of local individual cases as requested by CSTLLSS and request or support follow up activities for AE reports.You translate andor coordinate the translation of local source documents as required.You maintain a tracking tool to track the cases that require reporting to RA and submission of cases versus timelines.You perform reconciliation activities.You provide notification to regulatory authorities of all initial and followup cases according to local regulations.You are responsible for the filing and maintenance of all case documentation, including original source documentation.You support the implementation of compliance standards and collection of compliance metrics as required.You ensure PV relevant trainings are completed as assigned and support the CSTLLSS as required, in the coordination and training of relevant stakeholders.Qualifications:Minimum 2 years Drug Safety experience within a pharmaceutical, clinical or healthcare setting andor a sound professional knowledge of general medicine (pharmacy assistant, nurse, or comparable).Strong experiences in handling inbound and outbound case reporting (spontaneous and solicited).You have strong interpersonal and communication skills and are able to influence crossfunctional teams.You demonstrate resilience and the ability to prioritize under time pressure.You understand complex content and situations easily. Your working style is accurate and focused. You are skillful in using diverse data base systems and ITprograms. You are flexible and willing to work overtime if required. You have excellent German and English language skills. The wellbeing and development of our employees are central aspects of our company creed. Individuals who would like to fully realize their potential as part of our international, innovationdriven corporate family and who aspire to have challenging work, will find that our company provides just the right conditions. We consider intensive initial training, further education that is tailored to our employees work, and excellent opportunities for development both nationally and internationally to be just as essential as a good worklife balance, attractive compensation and aboveaverage employee benefits. For this position we offer an annual gross salary starting at 37. 000 EUR (full time basis, excl. variable component). Depending on your skills, qualifications and experience this can be negotiated.If you are looking for an opportunity to join one of the worlds leading healthcare companies, in an exciting position, apply online attaching your English CV and cover letter. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, PARTTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5045810, Gesundheitswesen, Soziales, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Mitarbeitergeschenke, Johnson Johnson, kcdn. atcompany74563200921logogross. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Vorgartenstraße 206B, sameAs: jnj. comjanssen. comaustria jnjaustria. atjnjmedical. at
Software developer (mw), state of the art is yesterday! With the Research Studios Austria Forschungsgesellschaft mbH you become an innovation catalyst. Working directly with universities, you bring the latest insights from basic science into business applications, realizing the next generation of intelligent computer systems. Challenge accepted ?. Software developer (mw). Location Vienna. Develop interactive systems of the future. This is your chance !. Carrying out research: Implementation of customer-oriented research projects in the field of  Aware Systems  (Activity, Context, Intention, AtentionAwareness). Collaboration on the development of a modular, adaptive HWSW Framework. What you should bring: University degree or degree in computer science software engineering o. Good knowledge of JAVA and or C, excellent implementation in one of the languages. Teamwork AND independent work. advantageous: knowledge in the (real-time) processing of sensor data basic knowledge in the field of machine learning. We offer you: a stimulating, interdisciplinary work environment in the motivated atmosphere of a young dedicated team. a research work at the interface between university research and innovative market participants. an attractive salary depending on qualification and experience Minimum gross salary 2800, We look forward to receiving your application: Please apply with your documents (curriculum vitae, motivation letter, certificates) by email to jobs @ researchstudio. at. Web: pca. research studio. at., 20180323T10: 02: 470100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5046064, Science, Research, Food Allowance, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Research Studios Austria ForschungsgesmbH, kcdn. atcompany16736440770logoresearchstudiosaustriaforschungsgesmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, Leopoldskronstraße 30, sameAs: researchstudio. at
Threat Forensic Security Specialist (mf), For our Threat Vulnerability Management team in Vienna we are looking for a. Threat Forensic Security Specialist (mf). The team sits within Global Security and is responsible for the identification and management of all threats and vulnerabilities within Liberty Global and its subsidiaries. The purpose of the role is twofold: Understand attackers targets, build a picture of the attackers goals and strategies and then store this information in a central database for automatic prevention. In addition, provide the Global Security Operation Centre with patterns of behavior and indications of compromise from indepth forensics of network mobile devices, malware packet captures, while working with the threat modelling team to grow the Indicator of compromise database.Your Responsibilities:Run a threat intelligence platform that can store cyber threat intelligence idioms such as threat actors, exploit targets from disparate sources, devices, communities and industries in a structured standardized way. Define uses cases that will improve security incident response time by early detection and prevention of exploits within Liberty Global. Perform forensic collections of data and conduct detailed forensic analysis tasks such as production of forensic images and reports. Incident Response Provide real time forensic capability to assist with high profile incidents that require indepth investigation to identify root cause. Writing Root Cause Analysis for Security Incidents. Your Skills:Bachelor or Masters Degree in computer science or mathematics (or equivalent years of experience). Demonstrable understanding of common APT actors and cyber criminals tools, as well as knowledge of how security controls are circumvented by malicious actors. Minimum of one year experience in systems administration, networking or security operations plus at least two years of experience in cyber intelligence analysis. Experience of working in a CERT environment and any Cyber Qualifications such as SANS GIAC qualifications. Knowledge of how to present findings and to make recommendations at a senior management level and of how to interact with staff in both technical and business roles. Fluency in English (speaking and writing), additional language skills such as Dutch, German are an asset. We offer you:An interesting and diversified position. Opportunity of further developing your career within our organization. Various fringe benefits such as jobtickettravel expense allowance, UPC products and partner companies discounts, pension fund, health program and much more. A salary starting at EUR 43. 417, 08 the actual salary is depending on qualification and experience. Please send us an English version of your motivational letter and CV to apply for this job. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5046530, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Essenszulage, Snacks, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, UPC Austria, kcdn. atcompany27952278426logoupc. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1120, Wolfganggasse 5860, sameAs: upc. at
Software development engineer wm for. NET ServerClient Systems, AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Software Development Engineer wm for. NET ServerClient systems. Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: IT Software. Your area of ​​responsibility: Implementation of software based on MS. NET in a Scrum Team. Realization of sophisticated ClientServer, Cloud and Web-based components. Code Review and Software Architecture Design in consultation with SW Architects. Creation of specifications based on user stories. Analysis of customer problems and solution in SW product. Research activities in the Datalifecycle environment including Big Data and Data Mining. Collaboration in the improvement of agile AVL software development processes. Your profile: Completed technical education (HTLFHTU) in the field of IT, software engineering. Preferably 12 years of professional practice in the field of software development. Programming skills in .NET and C #, ideally also databases. Knowledge in object-oriented programming and software design methods. English in spoken and written. Willingness to learn new topics. Responsibility and goal orientation. Yearly reference: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full time) for this position as the basis for negotiation: EUR 43. 400, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5047563, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Offer Manager (mw) for IT solutions in air traffic control, Offer Manager (mw) for IT solutions in air traffic control. Air traffic control software is one of the areas we specialize in at ADB SAFEGATE. Aviation, as we know it, is changing. ADB SAFEGATE is a global player in providing airport services and aims to be the premier airport partner by offering a variety of ways to work more safely, efficiently and sustainably. Our Approach Optimization, Digital Flight Strip or Flight Monitoring Systems are extremely reliable in use worldwide and are used by Air Traffic Controllers and Airports around the world. For the reinforcement of our team in Graz we are looking for one now. Offer Manager (mw) for IT solutions in air traffic control. In this responsible position, your main task is to prepare offers for our numerous national and international customer projects. From a small additional order to large, extensive project documentation You control and coordinate these together with a BidTeam and ensure that you complete the bid process successfully. As an interface between customer, sales, project management and our experts for the software, you are responsible for: controlling, coordinating and preparing the tender documents. Processing offers and negotiating with our suppliers. Timely preparation of high-quality offer documents with regard to economic and contractual aspects. Close cooperation with product management, project management and software engineering. Temporary management of our BidTeam during the bidding process. Prequalification and plausibility check of the project. Responsibility of the entire bid process. Your profile: Completed technical or business education (TU, WU, FH, HTL or similar). Mind. 3-year professional experience in supply management or a comparable position. Ideally you will bring professional experience in the IT industry as well as in the offer of IT systems. Good PC user skills (MSOffice, MSVisio and MSProject). Very good German and English spoken and written. Entrepreneurial thinking as well as the ability to handle complex tasks in a targeted and structured way. Excellent communication skills as well as a professional appearance towards our customers and partners. Negotiating skills and assertiveness. Team player with Handson mentality and an affinity to the IT industry. Occasional travel readiness. Benefits: Collaboration and participation in an exciting and growing Graz-based company with an international focus. Responsible position with potential for personal and professional development. Exciting environment in the field of aviation. International focus with regional roots. Flexible working hours, various benefits for working with us. Gross annual salary of at least EUR 49,000 (full-time). We are looking forward to your application by email to careergraz @ adbsafegate. com. adbsafegate. com Follow us on: LinkedIn YouTube Twitter. , 20180320T08: 21: 040100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5047764, Internet, IT, telecom, meal allowance, parking, flexible working hours, ADB Safegate Graz AviBit, kcdn. atcompany463553276872adbsafegatelogo. companymid. png, Graz, 8020, Herrgottwiesgasse 125, sameAs: avibit. com
Marketing Data Analytics Manager, Marketing Data Analytics Manager. Marketing. In order to strengthen our Global Brand Marketing Team we are looking for an experienced Marketing Data Analytics Manager (mf). In this role, you are in charge of setting up modelling capabilities that cover all marketing data from all parts of the Red Bull Mix. The position plays a key part in integrating data and turning insights into actions, starting with spearheading the future statistical modelling agenda, developing statistical modelling capabilities inhouse and identifying areas of opportunity.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull GmbH. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). Lead innovative data modeling initiativesDevelop Red Bulls capabilities to understand, extract, clean and integrate data from a range of systems. Support all stakeholder model building needs. Work with market research agencies, the internal Corporate Data Team and Finance to build predictive modeling data infrastructure. Present and prove model value through testing and statistical validation. Introduce compelling data visualizations and interactive dashboards that allow right decisionmaking in a timely manner. Take marketing modelling currently performed by outside agencies inhouse by building systems and capabilities to perform this work. Research new techniques and best practices within the industry. Mine large datasets (in SQL SAS) to draw patterns. Build marketing data science modelling capabilitiesWork with IT on identifying the desired software agency to introduce new modeling technologies and build this capability inhouse. Work with Corporate BI teams on enterprise data as well as the different marketing teams to build an integrated picture of the Red Bull Business to foster right decisionmaking. Drive new projects with multiple stakeholders, unclear requirements and incomplete data. Your experience includes:(proven performance in). Minimum of 5 years experience in marketingmedia mix modeling (MMM), preferably in the field of FMCG retail. Good understanding of marketing principles, as well as shopping behavior. Highly proficient in Microsoft Office. Experience in using commercial statistical software packages, e. g. SAS, SPSS, R or Python. Experience in econometric modelling (systems and analysis). Ability to draw the insights from multiple complex data sources. Excellent analytical skills (regression correlation analysis). Excellent communication and active listening skills. Innovative, solutionoriented mindset. University Degree (Master in Mathematics, Econometrics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc. ). Fluent in English, additional languages are a plus. Last year we sold 6 billion cans. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, attn. Susanne Stadler Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See, redbull. atjobs Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1. 687 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5048130, Handel, , Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
CRM xe2x80x93 Customer Data Analyst, Customer Data Analyst (mw.) METRO AG is a leading international specialist in the wholesale and retail trade, active in 35 countries with more than 750 wholesale markets and employs more than 150,000 people and 30 worldwide The company provides tailor - made solutions for the local and international needs of its wholesalers and retail customers For several years we have been active in FSDFood service delivery where we grow annually In Austria, we are undisputedly number one in the cash carry business For our head office in Vösendorf, we are looking for a CRM Customer Data Analyst (mw) Your tasks: Conception and development of customer-specific KPIs based on a central customer database Information generation and provision of decision-relevant information Analysis the buying behavior of ours he customer and derivation of recommendations for action. Analysis of marketing activities (offlineonline). Support campaign management across all channels. Your requirements: Completed relevant studies (WUTUFH) and / or comparable training. First professional experience in the CRM area desired. Very good knowledge in statistics as well as high affinity. Strong analytical mindset. Very good user knowledge in SQL, MS Excel and databases. Customer orientation, communication and team strength. Structured and independent way of working. Very good knowledge of English in spoken and written. We offer: A high degree of personal responsibility. Comprehensive training and further education. A versatile task in a dedicated team. A very good working environment. The advantages of a large corporation. The minimum salary for this position is 2. 200 EUR gross. An overpayment is provided with appropriate experience and expertise.Position free from: immediately. We are looking forward to your compelling application!. METRO Cash Carry Austria GmbH Ms Carina Nagl Metro Platz 1 2331 Vösendorf. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna South, Vösendorf, Lower Austria, AT, 5048211, Commerce, Food allowance, Training, employee benefits, METRO Cash Carry Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany63593199609metrologo1m002. companymid. gif, Vienna Vösendorf, 2331, MetroPlatz 1, sameAs: metro. at
Mitarbeiter ITHelpdesk (mw) mit Schwerpunkt Mobilgeräte Kommunikationsanlagen, Mitarbeiter ITHelpdesk (mw) mit Schwerpunkt Mobilgeräte Kommunikationsanlagen. Service Delivery Technical Support. Graz, Austria. Looking for the next step in your career? Enjoy a challenge? Do you have an ambition for innovation? Want to make a difference?If you join our growing global team, youll be working for an industry leader with offices across five continents, in over 47 countries and more than 28 000 employees. You will work with some of the leading world brands across the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies who are all relying on Dimension Data to help them use the power of technology to achieve their ambition in this digital era. Youll be part of a team whos passionate about making a difference to the way technology shapes how we live and work whether its protecting the rhino, connecting the G20 Summit, or revolutionising cycling, giving you the opportunity to do great things.Youll be joining a Global Top Employer, recognised for investing in talent because people are at the heart of our success. You provide the skills, passion and ideas, and well provide the platform to realise your ambitions. Great talent. Great teams. Great work. Great opportunities.Want to be part of our team?. Sie betreuen exklusiv einen unserer TopKunden, ein führendes österreichisches Industrieunternehmen, und sind vor Ort als erster Ansprechpartner für alle Fragen rund um Mobilgeräte und Kommunikationsanlagen im Einsatz. Ein spannender und abwechslungsreicher Job mit immer wieder neuen Herausforderungen erwartet Sie.What youll be doing. Sie betreuen unseren Kunden kompetent und sorgen durch Ihre offene, sympathische und respektvolle Art dafür, dass sich die MitarbeiterInnen unseres Kunden gerne an Sie wenden. Sie analysieren eingehende HelpdeskAnfragen im Bereich Mobilgeräte, Applikationen und Kommunikationsanlagen. Sie übernehmen persönliche sowie telefonische Anfrage unseres Kunden vor Ort und sind auch für die professionelle Problemlösung zuständig. Sie erfassen, kontrollieren und bearbeiten Tickets genau und effizient. Administration Verwaltung der Mobiltelefone. What would make you a good fit for this role?. Kaufmännischer oder technischer Abschluss (Lehre, HTL, HAK, Handelsschule). Ausgeprägte Service und Kundenorientierung. Sympathische Ausstrahlung und sicheres Auftreten. Englischkenntnisse von Vorteil. Sorgfältige Arbeitsweise und hoher Qualitätsanspruch. Basiswissen im Bereich Telekommunikationsanlagen. Für diese spannende und verantwortungsvolle Position suchen wir eine kommunikative und teamorientierte Persönlichkeit mit hoher Lösungsorientierung und selbständiger Arbeitsweise. Für diese Position haben wir je nach beruflicher Erfahrung und Qualifikation ein Bruttojahresgehalt ab EUR 30. 000, vorgesehen.Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today.Diversity in Dimension Data. Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category.Apply online now. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5048802, Handel, Parkplatz, Aus und Weiterbildung , Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Dimension Data Austria, kcdn. atcompany21561036910logodimensiondataaustria. companymid. gif, Wien, 1210, Kommunikationsplatz 1, sameAs: www2. dimensiondata. com
Medical transcriptionist, Allgemeine Unfallversicherungsanstalt Landesstelle Wien. The Allgemeine Unfallversicherungsanstalt (AUVA) is looking for candidates for the trauma center WienVerwaltung (UBVUMV) as: medical transcriptionists. DO. A, salary group C, service class I, gross annual salary EUR 28. 546, 00; without crediting of previous service times. Appointed: from expected 02. 04. 2018 Employment: 40 hours per week Location: Vienna. Tasks: Stationary typing: typing of medical texts after dictation with registration in own computer systems. Typing in general. Contribute to the management and administration of the medical history according to specifications. Administrative support of the OP plans. Writing the daily Dekurse, internal medical findings, consultation and extraneous findings and daily dismissals from the tape. Write the OP findings. Law firm: Administrative and organizational support in patient admission. Correspondence, application and form management. Appointment coordination with external institutes. Firm works. Initial Examination: Assist the physician in documenting the medical history during the initial examination. Administration of the patient call. Administrative activities at admission and discharge desk (collection of patient data with collection of the payee). Post-recording of patient data from night shots. Follow-up treatment: Assists the doctor in the documentation of the medical history during the follow-up treatment. Administration of the patient call. Administration of post-treatment appointments. Administrative activities at the reception and dismissal desk. Requirements: Completed vocational training (commercial apprenticeship, HASCH, HAK, HBLA, HBLW). good computer skills MS Office. excellent typing skills (10 finger system, at least 300 characters per minute, proof of such, eg: Evaluation Online Test, must be attached to the application documents). excellent German and spelling skills. Accuracy, Teamwork, Reliability, Awareness. Willingness for permanent education and training (eg new IT projects). Resilience. Willingness to perform shift, night, weekend and holiday services. Applications including meaningful application documents should preferably be sent by email to the address below. End of the application deadline: 28. 02. 2018Personnel office of the Vienna AIVA office Webergasse 4 1200 Wien WPSBewerbungen @ auva. at., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5049063, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, AUVA General Accident Insurance Institution, kcdn. atcompany846201134182logoauvaallgemeineunfallversicherungsanstalt. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1200, Webergasse 4, sameAs:
Technical Support Specialist B2B Software (mw), Automic offers the worlds most comprehensive business process automation platform. Automic is a pioneer in the largest, independent, global automation platform that coordinates and automates business processes, IT applications, and IT infrastructure. We are known as a manufacturer of innovative cloud, DevOps and big data solutions. Founded in Austria in 1985, Automic Software has been part of CA Technologies, one of the worlds leading software companies, since January 2017. We offer high quality local career opportunities in software with a clear international perspective. Over 3,000 customers worldwide rely on Automic to automate their day-to-day business. These include eBay, Bosch, Walmart, OMV, ORF Enterprise, Socixc3xa9txc3xa9 Generals, Toyota, Shell, Porsche, Palmers. We are expanding our support department and looking for our branch in USBahnNähe one. Technical Support Specialist B2B Software (mw). The tasks. Telephone support from major international customers for complex problems in the operation of our software products. Qualified problem analysis of technical errors and continuous customer communication via the TicketSystem. Communication of suggested solutions through the Automic Community. Create KnownError articles as part of the problem-solving process. Distinct interface position between external and internal contact persons (customers, software development, quality management, sales). Active customer management in the event of disruptions in production. Coordinator for Gold and Platinum customers on all technical issues. Excellent career prospects (eg international Automic Consultant). The requirements. Several years of experience in demanding IT support. Broad practical ITBackground and cross-departmental IT knowhow. Very good linguistic and written communication skills and structured solution orientation. Self-taught learning of the complex software dependencies of our products as well as pronounced xe2x80x9eHandsOn  mentality. Fluent German and English, any other foreign language such as French of advantage. Knowledge and experience with databases such as MS SQL, Oracle, DB2 and operating systems such as Windows, UnixLinux or Mainframe. Of great advantage, but not a requirement, is basic knowledge in the area of ​​ERP systems (preferably SAP), with script or programming languages ​​as well as with Web and Java based technologies. We address ladies or gentlemen who have broad IT knowledge and have received continuous good feedback in their support activities in the past. If you are interested in a professional and personal development, then we should get to know each other personally. The offer. As a Technical Support Engineer you can expect a comprehensive and structured training, which optimally prepares you for the daily task spectrum. After this individual training, it is important to implement exciting and diverse day-to-day business as well as projects in a very collegial environment. The gross annual target salary is at least EUR 52,000., Depending on professional qualifications and experience, an overpayment is possible. As an employee you will receive u. a. a free annual network card of Wiener Linien or a discounted parking space, vouchers for lunch, free drinks and daily fresh organic fruit and organic vegetables. Please send your application via email to: markus. wosihnoj @ automic. com, Automic Software GmbH, z. H. Markus Wosihnoj, Talent Acquisition Expert, 1120 Vienna, Am Euro Platz Tel.: 43 5708011655, automic. com. , 20180316T09: 47: 090100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5050460, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food supplement, Drinks, Fruit, Automic Software GmbH, kcdn. atcompany14154515536logoautomicsoftwaregmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1120, at Europlatz 5, sameAs:
Java Backend Developer (wm), Java Backend Developer (wm). We e looking for a Java Backend Developer, who will join us in Software Development team and help us improve our product (LinkResearchTools) every day because we love to give our customers the best possible experience to deliver WOWs.You will develop in Java 8 with the help of Spring Framework. Most of our data is stored in Elasticsearch and Hadoop (Hive, Impala, HBase) clusters, but we e also using MariaDBMySQL and Redis. All our systems and services are running on Linux, so youll have a chance to get in touch with Linux, too. Docker Ansible are next essential parts of our tech stack.Besides that, youll have an opportunity to improve your domain knowledge in SEO (Search Engine Optimization) with our inhouse training and certification programs by Christoph Cemper. Our company language is English, so German is not mandatory, but nice to have.If you are NOT looking for a regular boring job position in a big corporation then please apply!. YOUR WOWs. Multiple years of experience with:Java 8 Spring. REST Microservices. Version Control System (Git) Build Systems. SQL, JPA, basics of NoSQL. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES. Design, develop and improve existing microservicescomponents using message service oriented architecture. Improve and extend our web crawler extraction processes. Review, question and debug our parallel big data processing pipelines. Independently deal with complete development lifecycle of components. BENEFITS. Jobticket (e. g. Wiener Linien Jahreskarte). Homeoffice. Fruits soft drinks bar. Flexible working time. Hobby relax activities in office (table soccer, billiard, Xbox, massage chair, bike workstation). Close public transport connection (2 min to U1 Vienna subwayunderground). Shopping fitness center, WGKK, banks, post office, doctors, restaurants and more are located very closely to our office (Kagraner Platz, Vienna). OUR OFFER. Gross salary at least EUR 3200 per month adjusted based on your qualification and experience. Uptodate workstation with enough screens, power, RAM and SSDs. Learning opportunities (Safari Books Online, conferences, training). Small but experienced international team with can do attitude. Challenging tasks and problems related to big data processing (terabytes of data, 100000s messages second), scalability and architecture of highly available systems. ABOUT US. LinkResearchTools is SaaS (Software as a Service) Link Audit Link Building Tool for Professionals realtime link protection search engine optimization platform for websites.Our office is located in Vienna, Austria (Europe).Our tech stack consists mainly of Java, PHP, MariaDBMySQL, Elasticsearch, Redis, Beanstalk, HBase, Git, Docker and Ansible, but we e open to any new technology or tool thatll help us achieve our goals easier or faster.We e hiring without whiteboards.LinkResearchTools (LRT) is an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to providing a work environment that is free from any form of discrimination. LinkResearchTools (LRT) values diversity and fosters mutual respect among its employees.We believe that our Core Values help us to deliver WOWs.Passion and desire to deliver WOWs?. Jetzt Bewerben!. LinkResearchTools GmbH Am Langen Felde 12 Top 2 1220 Wien. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5050511, Internet, IT, Telekom, , LinkResearchTools GmbH, kcdn. atcompany169882583639logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1220, Am Langen Felde 12 Top 2, sameAs: linkresearchtools. com
Data Warehouse Engineer (wm), Data Warehouse Engineer (wm). Vienna (full time). With over 10 million active users per month, Shpock is one of the most successful startup stories in the German-speaking world. Within a short time, Shpock has become one of the leading classified ad apps in Austria, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Sweden and Norway. We are still on a growth course and are looking for new, motivated team members who, together with our team from Vienna, write international success stories !. Your tasks. You are responsible for the continual improvement, development and scaling of the data warehouse processes and applications. We ensure the integration of internal and external data sources into our data warehouse through ETL (Extract, Transform, Load). You are the expert for creative solutions in handling Big Data and supporting enterprise-wide decision making through the correctness and availability of data in the warehouse. With your technical skills, you will assist the BIData Science team in creating and optimizing analytics. Is that you? You have a degree in computer science, in a comparable field or a completed HTLAusbildung.Du have experience with SQL and the management of relational databases. I like to work with APIs from 3rd parties (Facebook, Google, AWS,) Knowledge of non-structured data (NoSQL) and related processing strategies (MapReduce). You are an experienced software developer of ideally experience with node. You have a lot of analytical skills and problems to solve easily. You like to work independently and in a team. You may already have work experience as Data Warehouse Engineer (or in a comparable position). You speak English fluently. Why shpock ?. Italian coffee, fresh fruit team breakfast. Legendary team events (trips, parties, xe2x80xa6). Table tennis, Pilates, running groups more. Impact and responsibility in a fast growing company. International team of 30 nations. Good connection View of the Vienna Riesenrad. Have we sparked your interest? Then we look forward to receiving your application. jobs. shpock. com. The Austrian law requires us to specify a minimum salary of EUR 23,854, 55 gross per year. Of course, there is a willingness to overpay, which depends on your qualifications and experience. We handle your application in strict confidence. finderly GmbH DonauCityStraße 1, A1220 Vienna 43 676 652 77 20 jobs @ shpock. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5050552, electronics, automation, fitness offers, good connections, employee events, Shpock finderly GmbH, kcdn. atcompany503742535037logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1220, DonauCityStraße 1, sameAs: shpock. com
SAP BW BI Consultant (mw) SAP BW BI Consultant SAP BW BI Inhouse Position, About us. As a premium provider in the SAP personnel consulting segment, duerenhoff supports you in your search for your new SAPJob.SAP BW BI Consultant (mw) SAP BW BI Consultant SAP BW BI Inhouse Position in the Tyrolean Unterland. Tirol. 16492. Full time. Immediately. Apply now. New doors open for a skilled SAP BW BI Consultant (mw) at this pharmaceutical company in the Tyrolean Unterland. Since the company was founded, our customer has used his strength in the Austrian market to drive his sustainable expansion policy. With a diverse offering and the intelligent implementation of brand formats, the company can differentiate itself from its competitors and permanently expand its leadership position. To optimize the existing SAP system landscape, a SAP BW BI expert (mw) is sought, who can convince through innovative ideas and independent action. The gross annual salary is a minimum of EUR 45,000. Depending on qualifications and professional experience, overpayments are planned. Your perspective: Promotion of your personal and professional development by means of a comprehensive further education offer. A young, dynamic team in a great working environment with xe2x80x9e handgun quality, low staff turnover and flat hierarchies with short decision-making paths. Attractive compensation package with numerous benefits and flexible working hours. Your task: Support and further development of the existing SAP BW BI landscape as well as the related reporting tools. Planning and realization of complex SAP BW BI projects, implementations and rollouts as well as data quality assurance as well as harmonization and integration of data with heterogeneous structures. Analysis, conception and execution of the reporting (data extraction, data modeling, transformation) as well as the implementation of ETL processes. Further development of the SAP BW BI solution as well as analyzes regarding the future IT orientation, including the latest SAP technologies (cloud, HANA, etc.). Her qualification: Professional experience in SAP BW BI consulting ideally with know-how in the national and international SAP project environment. Very good knowledge in data extraction, data modeling and data staging as well as experience in the design of planning and reporting systems. Strong interest in new technologies such as big data, analytics, HANA as well as the willingness to continuously develop in these areas. Communication skills and teamwork in connection with planning and organizational skills. Are we talking about you? Then talk to us. Apply now. Talk to us: 0662 2324444. katharina. Bangert @ duerenhoff. at. Your contact person. Katharina Bangert. Your data. Your data and information are always kept strictly confidential. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Tiroler Unterland, 5050900, Personaldienstleistung,, duerenhoff GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1056352998063unbenannt3. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70565, Liebknechtstrasse 33, sameAs: duerenhoff. de
IT Analyst SAP BI (mw), With expertise in manufacturing and development, continuous innovation and flexibility, we have become a leading supplier of light and headlamp systems to the automotive industry. In order to grow further, we are looking for dedicated, qualified colleagues with pleasure in the cause and an eye for the essentials. Work with us on the lighting technology of the future. ZKW because premium quality is not based on coincidence. IT Analyst SAP BI (mw). In this position, you are responsible for implementing and managing an SAP BI solution. Tasks. Conception, development and implementation of reporting requirements using current SAP BW BI tools. Collaboration or implementation of projects in the SAP BW BI environment in close cooperation with the respective departments. Continuous optimization and further development of SAP BW BI architecture. Performing tests, support and system administration for the area BI. Qualifications. Successfully completed training in Business Informatics (min. HAKHTL). Many years of practical experience (at least 3 years) in dealing with the SAP BW BI technologies and the BI architecture or in the SAP BW BI module support consulting. Knowledge of SAP BO tools (eg Design Studio, Crystal Reports) and SAP HANA. Experience with SAP ERP, SAP S4 HANA, SAP Solution Manager 7. 2 or ABAP knowledge is an advantage. Enjoying work in a corporate environment and being able to work in a team. We offer you. Diverse development and training opportunities in an international, active company. A gross monthly salary of EUR 2. 866, 92 (according to the collective agreement, excluding overtime). The actual payment depends on the respective qualification and professional experience. APPLY UNDER ZKWGROUP. COM. ZKW LIGHT ELECTRONICS for automotive industry. Human Resources Management, Rottenhauser Straße 8, A3250 Wieselburg, T 43 7416 505 0, 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wieselburg, Lower Austria, AT, 5051241, vehicle construction, suppliers, canteen, meal allowance, fruit, health measures, company doctor, fitness offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Sponsor Mentors Program, Parking, Education & Training, Employee Events, Educational Leave Out, Flexible Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits, Transportation Grants, Employee Gifts, ZKW Group GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5714296644logozizalalichtsystemegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wieselburg, 3250, Rottenhauser Strasse 8, sameAs: zkwgroup. com
IT Organizer Data Warehouse, NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. Together with your colleagues, you act as an interface between our customers and our developers. With you as a member of our 350-person IT team, we are able to offer tailor-made IT solutions for all our corporate divisions in Germany and abroad. QUALIFICATIONS WE REBEL. Completed business education (business informatics, business administration, etc.) and high IT affinity. Experience in the data warehouse sector is an advantage. Knowledge of SAP BusinessObjects and SQL (Oracle) is an advantage. Strong conceptual and analytical skills. Independent, solution-oriented and structured way of working. High level of customer and service orientation. English in spoken and written. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Execution and management of international projects. Development of standard reports (SAP BusinessObjects). Close cooperation with the specialist departments in Germany and abroad. Analysis of user requirements for the creation of BI reports. Supervision and training of internal users. Independent implementation and optimization of technical documentation. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Food supplement for a cheap, healthy break. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. Good public transport and parking on site. Annual gross salary from EUR 40,000 (The amount of the actual salary depends on the existing qualification as well as the prior service hours.). WE LOOK FOR AN IT ORGANIZER DATAWAREHOUSE. LOCATION: WR. NEUDORF. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5051463, Commerce, Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Software engineer mw, Do you find internationality and cross-border thinking and action exciting? Then you will find EMCO as an internationally successful manufacturer of high-quality machine tools with production sites in Austria, Germany, Italy and Russia an interesting working environment. Software engineer mw. Central Hallein full time. Your area of ​​responsibility: Your area of ​​responsibility includes the conception and implementation of software in the field of CNC machine tools, such as the development of apps, GUIs or interfaces to CNC controls. Networking and BigData in cloud-based applications (Industry 4. 0) play an important role. As a project manager, you are responsible for the successful implementation of new software products in collaboration with product management. Your ideal profile: Completed technical science degree (FHUni) with knowledge in object-oriented programming (preferably C Qt). Enjoy the design and implementation of new concepts and technologies in the team. Experience with databases (MySQL MSSQL), Microsoft Visual Studio, Linux, UML, OPCUA, MQTT advantage. We offer xe2x80xa6. xe2x80xa6 a varied activity with plenty of room for the implementation of own ideas in a friendly and collegial environment. For the position (full time) a collectively agreed salary of EUR 2.487, 61 grossMonat (full-time basis) is envisaged. If you are interested in the position and EMCO, then please send us your detailed application documents. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at Tel. 43 (0) 6245 891 DW 332 Ms Paulin resp via email: career @ emco. at the disposal.Web: emcoworld. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Hallein (district), 5051728, mechanical engineering, plant construction, meal allowance, health measures, flexible working hours, EMCO GmbH, kcdn. atcompany69793217178emcologo. companymid. jpg, Hallein, 5400, Salzburger Str. 80, sameAs: emcoworld. at
Business Analyst (mw), Sandvik Mining and Construction G. m. b. H. is looking for the location Zeltweg one. Business Analyst (mw). Equipment and Aftermarket. In this varied position, you support the Aftermarket and EquipmentBusiness by setting up reporting and controlling processes. They structure data, question numbers and optimize reporting. As a contact for the departments, you support them by analyzing results, translating numbers and providing evaluations. YOUR TASK. Creation of the monthly, quarterly and annual reports of the Product Area. Ongoing profitability calculation of individual product groups and locations. Creation of internal reports and ad hoc analyzes. Ongoing analysis of stock in close coordination with the specialist departments. Further development and adaptation of existing guidelines and internal standards with a focus on controlling and finance. Further development of the existing reporting tools. Assistance in completion activities. Participation in international finance projects. Support for processes of the internal control system (ICS). Contact for national and international locations in the area of ​​Product Area Controlling. YOUR PROFILE: Degree in Finance Finance (BachelorMaster, UniversityFH). At least 2 years professional experience in a similar capacity, preferably in an international company. Very good knowledge of English. Good knowledge of IT and ERP systems; User knowledge with SAP (FI CO) is desired. IFRS knowledge and experience with MultiCube reporting systems are an advantage. Experience in constantly changing companies or in matrix organizations is an advantage. Strong analysis skills and number affinity. Team player with assertiveness. Ability to set priorities and work towards deadlines. CONTACT. Would you like to help shape the future of an international company? Then we look forward to your online application under sandvik. comcareers with job ID 357418. If you have any questions about the position, please contact Human Resources at 43 3577 755 219. More about Sandvik on sandvik. comSandvik is a global industrial group committed to providing advanced products and market leader in some areas of the world, such as cutting tools, stone mining machinery and tools, stainless materials, specialty alloys, high temperature materials and process systems. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Zeltweg, Styria, AT, 5051747, Industry, Production,, Sandvik Mining and Construction, kcdn. atcompany8246296900logosandvikminingandconstruction. companymid. jpg, Zeltweg, 8740, Alpinestraße 1, sameAs: sandvik. com
Software Developer Enterprise Application Integration (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. Software Developer Enterprise Application Integration (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Backend system integration through practical application of integration patterns based on Oracle SOA Suite 12c and J2EE. Design and development as well as analysis and integration of Web APIs and REST services for different domains (eg ECommerce). Consulting, support and support of national and international projects in the requirements analysis and in the technology management. Development of innovative system components, solution concepts and architectures (software and / or system architecture, integration into the corporate strategy). Optimization and further development of the innovative EAI system component infrastructure together with an ambitious team. They offer: Successfully completed IT training (HTL, FH, University) or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. Coding experience in Java or another comparable high-level language. High standards of product quality, self-responsibility in development, analytical thinking and a dose of creativity in the implementation of solutions. Knowledge in LinuxUnix and experience with database systems are an advantage. Continuous Integration, GIT, Open API or PaaS are no foreign words for you. Customer orientation, communication and team skills. Good German and English skills. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5052699, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Research Assistant Production Management (wm), Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH conducts applied research and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Gesellschaft. Fraunhofer Austria was founded in November 2008 as a non-profit research organization and includes the business units Production and Logistics Management in Vienna as well as Visual Computing in Graz and the Innovation Center xc2xbbDigital Transformation of the Industriexc2xab in Wattens. For the business area xc2xbbProduction and Logistics Managementxc2xab in Vienna, we are looking for strengthening our team at the earliest possible date committed and qualified employees with a thematic focus in the area of ​​production optimization and industrial engineering. Scientific staff xc2xbbProduktionsmanagementxc2xab (wm). Emphasis xc2xbbproduction optimization and industrial engineeringxc2xab. Your tasks. Development and implementation of innovative solutions in production for our industrial customers as well as in the field of industry-related research. Planning, management and processing of projects in the field of workplace and work system design or assembly planning. Planning and implementation of industrial concepts 4. 0, for example in the fields of cyber-physical production and assembly systems, human-machine collaboration or collaborative robotics, data-aided maintenance, big-data analyzes, etc.Your profile. Completed technical studies with a focus on production management in one of the following disciplines (or an equivalent university degree in Germany or abroad): Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Industrial EngineeringMechanical Engineering. Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Industrial EngineeringInformatics. Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Mechanical EngineeringProduction Engineering. Several years of professional experience in an industrial company in the area of ​​production optimization and industrial engineering as well as experience in planning and managing complex projects. Experience in the practical application and implementation of methods of lean management and other optimization tools in the production area. Visual Basic knowledge and field-proven programming skills (eg Python, R, MatLab, C etc.) are an advantage. Very good English skills are required. High communication and coordination skills. Flexibility, reliability, independence and willingness to travel. Interest in a doctorate. Working at Fraunhofer Austria means working in a young team that focuses on innovative solutions for industry and research, individual development and teamwork. Employment, pay and benefits are based on the non-university ForschungsKV. The collectively agreed minimum salary currently amounts to EUR 3. 199, 00 (gross month, full-time, salary with classification xe2x80x9eE3  according to ForschungsKV with at least 3 years creditable work experience). If you have the necessary qualifications and professional experience, you have the option of overpayment or upgrading. Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae and certificates of your previous activities and training by e-mail to: jobs @ fraunhofer. at.Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH Production and Logistics Management Division Mr Thomas Edtmayr Theresianumgasse 7 1040 Vienna Web: fraunhofer. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5052949, Science, Research,, Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH, kcdn. atcompany83588870895logofraunhoferaustriaresearchgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Theresianumgasse 27, sameAs: fraunhofer. at
Data Analyst (mw) for medical products, We are expanding into new markets and products. As a dynamic and very successful international trading company in the health sector, we are seeking reinforcement for our New Business division. Data Analyst (mw). for medical products, place of work: Langkampfen near Kufstein. Your tasks: Cooperation in the field of New Business in a very active environment and responsibility for assigned projects. Portfolio analyzes and measures for the continuous development of the product range. Profitability evaluations and development of optimization and improvement measures. Cost calculation through calculations and price inquiries. Editing and analyzing tenders. Systematic research and analysis of distribution channels and development of an optimal and product portfolio. Partnering with the Sales and Purchasing team in the sense of strong customer orientation. We offer: An exciting, challenging task in a lively work environment. Short and fast decision paths. An open, direct, uncomplicated and respectful corporate culture. Longterm cooperation. Modern work environment. A salary based on your qualifications and professional experience of up to Euro 60,000 gross annual salary. You have the following prerequisites for this important and demanding activity: Good business management qualification (study or completed vocational secondary school, BSC, etc.). First professional experience in a comparable position (controlling, product management, etc.). High affinity to MS Excel. Good knowledge of the remaining MSOffice range. We look forward to receiving your electronic application. Please send your detailed application documents to servicecenter @ balmung. cc.Balmung Medical Handel GmbH Wienerbergstrasse 1112a A1100 Vienna, Tel.: 43 1 312 900 Fax: 43 1 312 900 88 email: office @ balmung. cc UID. No. ATU61917206, FN251068v ,, 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Langkampfen, Tyrol, AT, 5053202, trade, Balmung Medical Handel GmbH, kcdn. atcompany221692582168balmungneuabnov12. template. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Twin Tower, Wienerbergstr. 11, sameAs: balmung. cc
Data Science Intern for 2 months (mf), UNIQA Team Digital based in Vienna is searching for passionate game changers to enhance the companys digital ambition. In order to assist us in accomplishing our goal, apply as. Data Science Intern for 2 months (mf). The Job. Uses data from different sources to answer most important questions to optimize customer experience. Creates statistical, mathematical and predictive models. Provides strategic business insights based on available data sources. Your main responsibilities. Understands business problems and the relation to the underlying data mining problems. Identifies appropriate algorithms to solve data mining problems. Performs statistical analysis. Uses stateoftheart data mining and machine learning methods. Validates results of predictive modeling. Creates examples, prototypes and presentations to demonstrate the outcomes of the analyses. Does adhoc analysis and presents results in a clear manner. Works with potentially incomplete data sources and cleans up data sets to be able to use them. Your qualifications. Bachelor, Master, or PhD student. Statistical, mathematical, predictive modeling skills. Good communication and presentation skills. Ethical responsibility and data privacy awareness. Knowledge of programming, preferably in languages such as Python, R, SQL. Knowledge of LinuxUnix Shell scripting. Being able to work in a fastpaced agile multidisciplinary environment. Being able to work autonomously. Good command of spoken and written English. Our offer. Motivated, selfdriven team. Challenging topics in a dynamic work environment. Flexible working hours. Office in the heart of the city. Familyfriendly company with fringe benefits. We are looking forward to receiving your application!. UNIQA Insurance Group AG. Lukas Högl, MA HR Business Partner Untere Donaustraße 21 A 1029 Wien Tel: (01) 21175 3638 EMail: lukas. hoegl@uniqa. at. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, INTERN, Wien, Wien, AT, 5053252, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , UNIQA Insurance Group AG, kcdn. atcompany27733261512uniqua. companymid. gif, Wien, 1029, Untere Donaustraße 21, sameAs: uniqa. at
ITSpecialist EDI (wm), For our customer, a freight forwarding company with headquarters in Zug (Switzerland), which operates innovative logistics and operational activities in the areas of Road, Rail, AirOcean, we are looking for a Graz or Wolfurt one. ITSpecialist EDI (wm). Your tasks: Planning, setup, testing, monitoring and documentation of technical interfaces Partner connections. 2nd level support in the EDI area. Recording EDI project requirements together with sales. Concept development and analysis of EDI workflows (Lbase). Development Interfaces (LobsterdataLbase4ward). Your profile: Technical vocational training (HTL, FH) or several years of experience in the field of EDI. Independent and responsible way of working. Analytical, networked thinking and technical understanding. Ability to present business processes, implement EDPs and structures. Experience in the logistics sector is an advantage. Experience with Lobsterdata or another EDI converter as well as database knowledge is an advantage. Careful, accurate, structured and resilient. Solid knowledge of English (written and oral). Our offer: Versatile task with self-responsibility and independence. Competent, flexible team. Co-design and development opportunities. Pleasant working environment in a dynamic and innovative company. You can prove your professional and social competence on a daily basis. For this position, depending on the specific qualification and adequate professional experience, an annual gross salary of EUR 35,000 or more is offered. Willingness to overpay depending on your individual profile and professional experience. Should your interest be aroused and you would like to apply, then we look forward to receiving your informative documents incl. Photo by mail to: nicole. lutz man @ nuova. at. nuova Personaldienstleistung GmbH Feldkirchner Strasse 10 8054 Seiersberg nuova. at., 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, Wolfurt, Vorarlberg, AT, 5053391, Personnel Service,, nuova Personaldienstleistung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany446471745877logonuovapersonaldienstleistunggmbh. companymid. gif, Seiersberg, 8054, Feldkirchner Str. 10, sameAs: nuova. at
Technical Product Manager, Traveller Host Systems, We e experts in the worlds fastest growing sector globe shopping, where consumers from one country shop in another. We introduced the world to Tax Free Shopping over 30 years ago, but now offer a range of great services to help travellers shop and spend wisely in 43 countries around the world. We work with over 270, 000 of the worlds favourite brands, helping businesses engage with globe shoppers. Our IT headquarter is located in Vienna and we do have offices all over the globe, we e a truly international team. globalblue. com. Technical Product Manager, Traveller Host Systems. Nature and aim of the position. As a Product Manager you will manage Global Blues core system that manages and provides traveller data to client facing systems like web sites, apps but also to other solutions that need to deal with traveller data. You possess a unique blend of business and technical knowledge with bigpicture vision, and the drive to make that vision a reality in collaboration with Business Units and Engineering teams. Strategic direction of the product is set by you as well as defining the roadmap, generating Product requirements, determining specifications, setting priorities and timetables and assuring the successful execution of the implementation. You are capable to establish a deep understanding of the business process and business rules within a short time, so that you can consult the organization in matters relating to your Product. Therefore you also understand the business and process requirements raised by internal business units as well as external stakeholders. You are working as part of the SCRUM team in your role as Product Owner representing the business view and setting the priorities of the features that have to be implemented. As Product Manager you are interacting with the Business Units, Commercial Units as well as all other functions inside the Product Organization and Technology.Main duties and responsibilities. Managing the entire technical product life cycle considering strategic planning to tactical activities. Establish visions, define strategy, get agreement and funding, driving delivery towards Business Units, management, customers. Responsible to ensure low operational efforts and smooth deployment e. g. by packaging the product, reducing manual tasks, etc.Agree and maintain the Product Strategy and Roadmap. Maps user needs with Global Blues strategic direction and objectives. Owns, prioritizes and maintains the Product Backlog (in collaboration with Business Units and Engineering). Act as Product Owner (with support of the team resources) in the SCRUM team. Defines the product requirements based on inputs from Products department, global projects and Technology strategy. Responsible to deliver detailed technical User Stories to the Engineering. Owns and maintains the product budget (incl. development and operation). Assesses market feedback and drives product evolution and innovation. Promotes the product internally and to external customers and partners. Establishes and manages KPIs for the product and optimizes TCO (development and operation). Reporting and collaboration. The holder of the position reports solidline to VP, Product Management. The holder of the position collaborates with Engineering, Business Units and the Commercial organizations. Key competencies. Extensive experience in managing software Products. Very strong business analysis skills and ability to understand and shape efficient processes. People Management skills in virtual and intercultural teams. Ability to motivate team members direct reports as well as team members in matrix organization. Understanding end users needs and behavior using mobile apps. Organizational, presentation and planning skills. Ability to analyse business requirements. Working as Product Owner in SCRUM Agile environments. Understands transactional businesses and handing financial transactions in a real time environment. Preferable skills and competencies. Demonstrates strategic thinking with a strong analytic background. Ability to define business process and business rules with a strong technical focus actively seeks innovative ways to improve processes, products, and user experience. Ability to collect, clarify, and translate business requirements into documentation and conceptual design from which Products are enhanced and developed. Proven ability to quickly learn processes, business rules and procedures. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent presentation skills and an ability to engage audiences. Ability to effectively collaborate with others to reach mutually agreeable outcomes. Ability to work independently as well as with a team.Effective time management skills and ability to meet deadlines. Demonstrates and communicates a can do attitude and positive outlook, minimizing negative behaviors. Fluent in English. Education and qualifications. Wide, extensive knowledge of multiple infrastructureapplication technologies including (but not limited to): SOA, Web services, Application development, Peripheral handling, testing approach. Computer Science or Engineering degree or work experience. Solid understanding of agile (SCRUM) development processes. Project management skills. Experience. 5 years of experience in a similar software Product Management position working with client facing applications in an transactional business. Has managed Products that provides APIs for generic use and assure data consistency (e. g. customer master data, loyalty systems, CRM, etc. ). Understanding of the technical architecture of complex and highly scalable applications. Preferably, a programming background and experience using and developing databases and APIs. Global Blue guarantees a competitive and performancerelated salary depending on your professional and personal qualifications. As required by Austrian federal law we hereby state, that the legal annual minimum compensation according to the Austrian collective agreement amounts to EUR 27. 414, 66 however the total compensation is a subject of individual agreement.Apply. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5053425, Sonstige Branchen, Betriebsarzt, Gute Anbindung, Mitarbeiterbeteiligung, Global Blue Service Company Austria, kcdn. atcompany833753295899logoglobalblueregular. companymid. png, Wien, 1200, Handelskai 92, sameAs: globalblue. com
Dual teaching profession: Plastic Forming Metal Technology Tooling Technology (mw), STRATEC is a market leading supplier of OEM solutions for its partners in clinical diagnostics and life science. The STRATEC Consumables business unit based in Anif is a developer and manufacturer of microstructured plastic parts and consumables for the STRATEC Group. STRATEC develops its products with its own patented technologies. STRATEC is a listed company, listed in the Prime Standard of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange TecDAX.STRATEC Consumables GmbH Sonystr. 20 5081 Anif, Austria consumables. stratec. com. Double teaching profession: Plastic molding Metal engineering Tool technology (mw). Full time (4 years) As part of our international growth, we are looking for an apprentice (mw) in the field of plastic molding metal technology tool technology for our site in Anif. Your tasks. Setting up, programming and operating high-tech systems (injection molding machines) in the medical sector. Performing production approvals at the start of production. Performing tool samples and then recording and documenting the technical data about the workflow, the work results and the process parameters. Reading and applying drawing documents. Defining work steps, work equipment, working methods and instruction of production personnel according to the work, test and safety instructions. Maintenance and further development of injection molding tools and machines. Your profile. Completed compulsory education. HTLSchulabbrecherInnen or UmsteigerInnen with a technical education, eg mechanics or electricians are welcome. High quality awareness and craftsmanship. Teamwork, reliability and high willingness to learn. Our range. Living flexible working hours. Supported canteen. A dynamic and innovative team. Open working atmosphere and flat hierarchies. Long-term perspectives (acquisition aspired). Demanding and varied tasks. The apprentice compensation is based on the collective agreement for the plastics processing industry and amounts to EUR 630 gross in the first year of apprenticeship. Have we sparked your interest? Then please send us your application documents: hr. Anif @ stratec. com. For questions please contact Katharina Wieland: 43 6246 880 8502. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, OTHER, Anif, Salzburg, AT, 5053464, electronics, automation,, STRATEC Consumables GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105512197909logostratecconsumables. companymid. png, Anif, 5081, Sonystrasse 20, sameAs: consumables. stratec. com
Administrative Assistant and Sales Support (mw), Alpha ITC GmbH is a reliable partner in the field of Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse, Advanced Analytics and Big Data with innovative solutions for our customers. Data management, evaluations as well as the visualization of millions of data records are among our wealth of experience. We accompany projects of our customers from the requirement analysis to the implementation. For our office in Vienna we are looking for an immediate entry to a staff member for the job as. Administrative Assistant and Sales Support (mw). Full-time employee base from March 2018. They act as an internal communication hub and keep track of all processes in the company. They support the management in sales and marketing and independently carry out small projects. Their tasks: administrative support. Organization and management of meetings (coordination of appointments, customer care, etc.). General secretarial services such as post-processing and telephone support. Communication with customers. Sales support (market analysis, partner support, offer preparation and processing). Marketing support (various advertising documents edit). New customer acquisition in the office. Our requirements: Several years of professional experience in the secretarial assistant area. Professional experience in sales and marketing desirable (ideally in IT). Commercial or technical training (HAK, HTL, HAS, HBLA, teaching, etc.). Organizational skills. Accuracy, independence and a high sense of responsibility. Communication and assertiveness. Very good German and English spoken and written. safe handling of MS Office. IT understanding and technical affinity. Well-groomed and confident appearance. What to expect from us: pleasant working atmosphere in a long-term position. exciting challenges. Demanding and varied activities. Appreciation of ideas and new suggestions. Working in a relaxed, friendly environment of a young team. Various social benefits. This position will preferably be awarded on 1 March 2018 on a full-time employee basis. The salary is based on your qualifications and your professional experience. The gross monthly salary according to the collective agreement amounts to at least 1. 860, EUR. If we have aroused your interest, please send your conclusive application documents to viktoria. smoke warter @ alphaitc. com.Alpha ITC GmbH ENERGYbase Giefinggasse 6 Top 2. 2 1210 Vienna Viktoria Rauchwarter Finance HR Tel.: 43 1 996 2101 viktoria. smoke warter @ alphaitc. com Web: alphaitc. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Floridsorf, 5053533, Advice, meal allowance, employee events, flexible working hours, Alpha ITC GmbH, kcdn. atcompany824821127187logoalphaitcgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, ENERGYbase Giefinggasse 6 Top 2. 2, sameAs: alphaitc. com
Onsite Service Technician (mw), Onsite Service Technician (mw). Reference no.65904. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Further information can be found at: at. Atos. net.For our subsidiary, TSG EDVTerminal Service Ges. m. b. H. we are looking for immediately or by appointment at the locations Vienna, Lower Austria, Burgenland, Styria, Upper Austria, Salzburg, Carinthia, Tyrol, and Vorarlberg Onsite Service Technicians (mw) .Tasks. Maintenance and repairs of central decentralized systems (servers, clients) and networks at the customer. Carrying out maintenance activities and installations including self-testing. Application of the software required for the function to the devices, configuration, testing of the applications for the proper transfer. Repair of customers and replacement material. Carrying out of customer training or information talks (HW, SW, handling of the devices). Execution of specification and functional checks in goods receiving. Monitoring and testing of existing equipment and test equipment. Technical telephone support to limit the occurrence of errors. Conditions. Technical education (HTL, technical school or teaching) in mechatronics, electronics or electrical engineering. They bring a high affinity to PC supported, electrical and mechanical systems and their repair. After an appropriate training period you will be able to recognize dependencies (HW, SW, modules among each other) and correct errors with the appropriate intervention. Good appearance at the customer and appropriate manners (banking sector). They impress with their accuracy, reliability and team spirit. Knowledge in technical English desirable. German and English in spoken and written. Additional information. They expect. A varied and challenging activity in projects with well-known customers. An experienced, dynamic team with the best customer relationships. Mentoring for the first six months and continuing education. Flexible working hours and working models to reconcile work and family life. Performance-oriented, market-oriented payment and other company benefits. We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary is EUR 24,738. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with market conditions. You want to move something? Then take the chance and shape your future with us! We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5053648, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Self Service BI Expert (mw), TESTFUCHS is a leading company in the field of test facility construction and component manufacturing for the aerospace industry. The headquarters of this innovative family business is located in the northern Waldviertel. We focus on quality and top technology combined with competitive price and reliable support. Due to our constant growth and in support of our successful team, we are looking for a Self Service BI Expert (mw) Focus Business Intelligence Controlling. Self Service BI Expert (mw). Focus Business Intelligence Controlling. The tasks include: Central data hub for all controlling-specific applications of the TESTFUCHS group of companies. Focus on digitization and automation in controlling for all types of controlling (financial controlling, cost controlling, sales controlling, various ad hoc analyzes, etc.). Rollout and development of BIFrontend xe2x80x9eevidanza . Building dashboards and scorecards (KPI) Management Information System. Central link between controlling and IT (DWH support). Proactive further development of the existing BISystem (DWHCubes). Implementation of ad hoc analyzes for the Head of Controlling BI. We are looking for clever foxes: completed economic academic education (FH, University). very good knowledge of all ERP processes (data generation). many years of experience in controlling finance. very good English skills. IT Affinity and very good IT user skills (MS Excel). ERP experience (finance, offer, invoicing, logistics module). IT and professional understanding of Business Intelligence (BI) in Controlling. (SQL Cubes, SelfServicesBI). Willingness to learn, process-oriented thinking and working, commitment, independence as well as initiative. Interest aroused? Fascination for Big Data? There is still room in our successful pack. TESTFUCHS GmbH Human Resources, keyword xe2x80x9eBI Expert (mw)  TestFuchs Street 15, A3812 GrossSiegharts Tel.: 43 (0) 2847 90010, ichwilldenjob @ testfuchs. com Web: testfuchs. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, GroßSiegharts, Lower Austria, AT, 5053702, Aerospace, Snacks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Company Car, Employee Cellphone, Employees Notebook, Parking, Education & Training, EmployeeEvents, Educational Leaving, Flexible Working Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits , Employee bonuses, employee gifts, TESTFUCHS, kcdn. atcompany7808488705logotestfuchsgmbh. companymid. gif, GroßSiegharts, 3812, TestFuchs Strasse 15, sameAs: testfuchs. comde
Marketing Manager PTE (wm), AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Marketing Manager PTE (wm) , Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: Organization Administration. Her responsibilities: Defining and implementing innovative marketing communication strategies in coordination with the SBU management in support of SBUs business growth. You are an industry expert and advise both SBU Management and AVL Management on the development of marketing ideas that can drive potential new business opportunities and generate new value for our clients. Budget planning, management and controlling. Management of comprehensive omni-channel marketing and campaign strategies for all SBU products and services. Use of MarketingBig Data to determine the KPI for campaigns, to observe, control and enhance the dialogue with our customers while in contact with their shopping experience with AVL. Creation of solution concepts, concepts for product positioning as a basis for communication plans. Development and implementation of a communication mix (channels, media, etc.) online and offline. Advancing the lead management process and qualifying leads to be passed on to sales. Strategic planning and concept development for AVL conferences and external SB-guided events. Supplier management controlling. Public Relations Media Management (in cooperation with scoop spoon). Global PTE Marketing Management Coordination Coordination of the subsidiaries marketing plans, coaching and support in the implementation to achieve the overall SBU goals. Internal Communication (SBU Marketing Communication Management). Your profile: Minimum 10 years professional experience as a marketing director in a departmental function. Degree in Marketing; strong technical understanding and interest in groundbreaking technological developments. Strong intercultural experience You can work well in global teams with different cultures. Leadership You are able to motivate people across departments and across hierarchies to work with you. Excellent English in spoken and written (German of advantage). Annual payment: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the full year for this item as a basis for negotiation: EUR 70,000, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5053791, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Junior FinancialBusiness Analyst, We are looking for YOUNG WILD with personality !. Junior Financial Business Analyst. Vienna. Full time. Ready2order GmbH was founded in Vienna in July 2015 and employs around 40 people. The cloud-based POS system already has more than 5,000 satisfied customers from all industries in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. In contrast to conventional systems, the cash register is the core piece to which numerous applications such as online shop, controlling, inventory management, CRM u. v. m. can be easily connected. Christopher Fuchs (CTO), Markus Tscheik (CPO) and Markus Bernhart (CEO) have received unique awards and test wins for this innovation since their inception. The vision of making high-end technologies affordable to all small businesses, which was previously only available to large corporations, is responsible for the extremely strong growth of the company and is the market leader in all European core markets. Preparation of financing strategies for pan-European expansion. Monitoring and optimization of existing processes as well as the creation of new processes. Co-responsibility of any round of financing (Series A,). Definition of KPIs and preparation of monthly, quarterly and annual reports. Close cooperation with our COO and CEO. Your profile. Completed university education (at least Bachelor), HTL or HAK. Experience as an Analyst or Data Scientist is an advantage. Pronounced analytical and holistic thinking as well as high affinity of numbers. Excellent MSOffice knowledge especially Excel and PowerPoint. IT affinity as well as Handson mentality. We offer great responsibility for the further development of ready2order and the further expansion to Europe. Long-term perspective in our fast-growing IT startup. A monthly fixed salary according to ITKV of EUR 1. 860.00 with the readiness for a market-conform overpayment according to qualification and work experience. Are you ready? Then apply on our website at: ready2order. comatjobs? jobId = 20180201vot = U2FsdGVkX180dWVhODR4dwfH3k6gxcsFGcrIo5Dc8Ts% 3D. ready2order GmbH Treustraße 2224, 1200 Vienna ready2order. comatjobs. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5053874, Other Industries,, ready2order GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1086402905691logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1200, Treustraße 2224, sameAs: ready2order. at
Bachelor or Master thesis in the field of ITConsultingITProjectmanagement, Due to our many years of experience in Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Customer Engagement and Commerce (CEC), we are one of the leading consulting companies in the German-speaking world. Our holistic consulting approach from strategy to process optimization to the implementation and operation of SAP Hybris, CRM and commerce solutions is supplemented by our own product developments. Already since the year 2000 we write our success story and today employ more than 150 permanent employees in Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Vienna. The innovative spirit, the strong cohesion and the personal commitment of each individual characterize our team.We continue to grow and assign one full-time: Bachelor or Master thesis in the area of ​​ITConsultingITProjectmanagement in Vienna. THIS OFFERS YOU MAIHIRO. You benefit from a wide range of innovative topics. In addition to theoretical knowledge, you gain exclusive insights into corporate practice and implement your topic directly. They establish contacts to well-known customers and partner companies in the SAP world. Your professional and personal abilities will be reflected and developed in regular feedback talks with you. After completing your studies, you have the best chance of getting a job as a consultant to a top employer in the CRM industry with an excellent corporate culture. YOUR PROFILE. Advanced studies with good grades (eg business administration, business informatics, computer science). In the context of lectures or internships first experiences in: Business process analysis and modeling. Programming skills (eg JAVA, ABAP, ABSL, C #, Visual Basic, Java, JavaScript, HTML5). SAP software, customizing knowledge and IT project work. First points of contact with modern technologies, mobile applications and cloud development desirable. Strong communication in German and English. Openness and team orientation. YOUR ROLL. They work independently in the topic of the thesis. You will work on your thesis with the support of your mentor. In addition, you actively shape our company orientation and thus drive u. a. advancing the implementation of new technologies and topics such as machine learning, Internet of Things and digital agendas. They transfer the knowledge about the results of your thesis to the organization. You are welcome to contribute your own topic suggestions. For the advertised position is currently a KVMindestgrundgehalt of € 903 per month gross. Did we make you curious? Then we look forward to receiving your application.Christina Weber maihiro GmbH, Osterfeldstr. 86, 85737 Ismaning, T 49 (89) 89085 158, maihiro. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, OTHER, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5053906, Beratung,, maihiro GmbH, kcdn. atcompany16720436691logomaihirogmbh. companymid. gif, vienna, 1220, danube city street 1, sameAs: maihiro. com
Data Science Working Student (mf), Data Science Working Student (mf) (289795SB). If you really want to make a difference make it with us. The Digital Factory Division offers a comprehensive portfolio of seamlessly integrated hardware, software and technologybased services in order to support manufacturing companies worldwide in enhancing the flexibility and efficiency of their manufacturing processes and reducing the time to market of their products be it the automotive or aerospace industry, mechanical engineering or other interesting sectors.We are looking for Data Scientists that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying machinelearning techniques, doing statistical analysis and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products.You want to make the world a smarter place, you e excited to shape the innovations of tomorrow and you have an excellent understanding of:Machine learning techniques and algorithms. Common data science toolkits. Data visualizations tools. Statistics. Scripting and programming. Query languages. Your Profile:At the moment you study at the university. Experience with data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. Analytic und strategic thinking. English and German fluent. What else do I need to know?. You want to join 351, 000 of the smartest minds all working together to build a better future. We want to hear from you!The gross annual payment for this job vacancy is at least EUR 28. 953, 82 (fulltime). Siemens as an international company offers additional social benefits.Depending on your current status and your future plans, we can offer you various ways to work with us:Working student contract: min. 20 hours week.Internship : Period: July September 2018; Full time at least 6 weeks. Employer: Siemens AG ÖSTERREICH Place of employment: ViennaJob ID: 289795. Ort: Vienna. Art der Anstellung: FULLTIME. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, INTERN, Wien, Wien, AT, 5054265, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Siemens AG Österreich, kcdn. atcompany8161296891logosiemensagsterreich. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1211, Siemensstrasse 90, sameAs: siemens. atkarriere
Internship in computer forensics and forensic data analysis, internship in computer forensics and forensic data analysis. Location: Vienna Hourly rate: Full time from now. EY is one of the global market leaders in auditing, tax consultancy, transaction consulting and management consulting and is represented in Austria with around 1,000 employees in Vienna, Linz, Salzburg and Klagenfurt. Our highly qualified and motivated teams are the core of our company because only the achievements of each member shape our success. Worldwide, investors and other stakeholders rely on financial statements audited by EY. Join our team in auditing, external accounting and sustainability reporting to help our clients master the rising challenges of a globalized world. To strengthen our team, we are looking for interns (mw) in the field of computer forensics and forensic data analysis : Performing computer-forensics backups and analyzes for different devices and systems. Preparation and provision of various. Datasets related to eDiscovery investigations. Data extraction, processing and analysis in the course of complex (mass) data analysis projects. Further development and support of specialist forensic topics and solutions such as network forensics, big data and cloud forensics. Collaboration in interesting, challenging, national and international projects. You bring with you: study of IT forensics, IT security or a comparable degree. Very broad IT knowledge with the ability to quickly familiarize with special topics. Accurate and responsible work. Analytical skills and interest in complex technical topics. Very good German and English spoken and written. High level of flexibility and mobility. We offer: exciting tasks and insights into the practice. Coaching and open feedback culture. Young dynamic team. Pleasant working environment. Numerous employee benefits. This vacancy is consistent with your profile and your ideas? Then we look forward to your meaningful application documents (CV, cover letter, certificates). For further questions please contact Kerstin Müllauer, MA. (01211701714) gladly available. More information, brochures and videos and insights of our colleagues can be found in our EY Mediathek !. Connect with us: facebook. comEYCareersAustria. instagram. comeygsacareers. career blog. ey. com. bit. lyEYLinked. twitter. comEYGSACareers. xing. comcompanyernstandyoung. youtube. comernstandyounggsa. EY on career. at follow. For this position, based on 40 hours per week, a monthly salary of EUR 1,730 applies, gross with relevant specialization. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, INTERN, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5054372, Law, Taxes, Economy, Canteen, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Sponsors Mentor Program, Good Access, Education and training, employee events, education leave, flexible working hours, home office, employee benefits, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, employee gifts, EY Austria, kcdn. atcompany36111311489logoeysterreich. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1220, Wagramer Straße 19, sameAs: ey. comat
IT Consultant focus on Adobe Experience Manager (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg. IT Consultant Focus Adobe Experience Manager (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Central role in the conception and development of Group-wide solutions based on the Adobe Experience Manager. Technical advice and architectural specifications in terms of efficiency, performance and stability. Defining and ensuring quality standards in development. Close cooperation with our external implementation partner. Collaboration in national and international eCommerce projects. They offer: successfully completed training in the IT sector or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. In-depth knowledge of web development and Java development. Experience with Adobe Experience Manager, OSGI, Apache Sling, JCR, Sightly advantage. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5054396, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
IT Product Maintainer (mw) in Application Service Digital Business,  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for our location in the Villach area.IT Product Support (mw) in the Application Service Digital Business. Place of employment: Wernberg Villach. Your tasks: Supervision of the SPAR digital business applications (eCommerce, online shops, websites) in 2nd level support. Independent analysis of problem cases and development of sustainable solutions. Continuous optimization and further development of the digital IT operation. Independent implementation of technical requirements in the context of product improvement projects for the digital business. Support and implementation of business requirements. Regular travel to the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg (about 23 daysweek). They offer: Completed training in IT (HTL, FH, Uni, etc.). Professional experience in IT projects or application management. Knowledge of ADOBE (AEM), Hybris (HMC) is an advantage. Independent, analytical way of working. Communicative and customer-oriented appearance. High team spirit. Very good knowledge of German, written and spoken English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Wernberg, Carinthia, AT, Villach, Carinthia, AT, 5054402, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Retail IT Experience Innovation Manager (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the St. Pölten location.Retail IT Experience Innovation Manager (mw). Place of employment: St. Pölten. Her tasks: Active participation in the development of innovative, digital retail solutions in a leading international retailer. Further development and optimization of innovation solutions. Consulting and close cooperation with the respective business units and our internal Innovation Lab. Management and cooperation in national and international IT projects. They offer: Successfully completed training in the IT sector. Knowledge in project management and experience in business administration. Experience in the trading environment is an advantage, but not mandatory. Above-average degree of commitment and independence, ability to communicate and creativity as well as understanding of customer requirements. High willingness to learn and the desire for personal development; Missing knowledge is supplemented by appropriate training plans. Excellent knowledge of German, written and spoken English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, St. Pölten, Lower Austria, AT, 5054406, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
IT Solution Consultant Action Management (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.IT Solution Consultant Action Management (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Application Management for SAP Retail in the area of ​​promotion and promotion. Advising internal customers on the introduction of new processes and products. Management and participation in international projects over the entire project cycle. Coordination and coordination of internal customer requirements with software development. Support and further development of existing and future solutions in SAP Retail in 2nd and 3rd level support. Cooperation with experienced consultants in the SAP environment and connected systems. They offer: Successfully completed IT Business Administration training or several years of professional experience in the ERP environment. Experience in business processes Knowledge in project management and in the enterprise resource planning environment (ideally in SAP Retail). Goal-oriented and quality-conscious working with a high degree of initiative. Logical thinking, independence, strong communication skills, understanding of customer requirements and good behavior. Very good German and English spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5054429, trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Specialist Knowledge Discovery Information Retrieval (wm), the Federal Computing Center (BRZ) is the market leader in EGovernment solutions for Austria and one of the countrys largest IT companies. We employ more than 1,200 people and our sales in 2016 totaled 243 million euros. The BRZ operates more than 400 IT applications that ultimately benefit citizens and businesses. (eg FinanzOnline, HELP. gv. at). We are technology partners of the Austrian administration in the digital transformation and support the authorities in rethinking processes, making them easier and more efficient.Specialist Knowledge DiscoveryInformation Retrieval (wm). Ref. 34. The focus of the Information Management department is on providing and updating information to support business processes and decisions of our clients. The more than 60 employees cover a broad spectrum from data scientist to consulting and development to the operation of applications. Modern technologies such as predictive analytics, big data or knowledge discovery help to provide the right instrument for every application. Your tasks. Conception and design of solutions, new systems, system networks, applications and interfaces. Development or support in the development of software, interfaces and databases. Expansion or extension of existing systems and applications. Introduction and adoption of systems in regular operation. Operation of systems, software solutions or interfaces. Consulting and close cooperation with customers. Creation of concepts and documentation. Construction and management of expert knowledge. They bring along. Completed, technology-oriented education. Knowledge in software development (preferably Java). Knowledge of databases, data modeling, DB concepts and architectures. Knowledge in the creation of architectures and solution concepts. Working in agile teams (eg Kanban, Scrum). Good analytical skills and enthusiasm for innovative, creative technologies. Experience in the following areas would be beneficial: Experience in data analysis and / or in the operation of systems. Experience in web technologies (JavaScript, JSP, JSF, web service technology, XML). Interest in semantic technologies and search retrieval or knowledge discovery, big data technologies. Autonomous, structured and proactive way of working. Personality with strong teamwork. We offer. Design freedom in a rapidly growing environment. an outstanding continuing education offer. Excellent career options and attractive careers. flexible, fair and family-friendly working time models. an office with very good connections and infrastructure in the heart of Vienna (Wien Landstraße). For this position, the collective gross salary is EUR 41. 262, 20 Depending on qualifications and experience, overpayment is possible. As part of the promotion of women, the BRZ GmbH strives to increase the proportion of women in all business areas. With the same qualification in terms of the requirement profile, women are treated preferentially. Interested ?. Apply via our online application form !. Your contact person for the advertised position is Martina Codemo (tel: 0043 6646257701). Apply online now. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5054516, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food allowance, Training and further education, Flexible working hours, Bundesrechenzentrum GmbH, kcdn. atcompany8663100454logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Back Zollamtsstraße 4, sameAs: brz. gv. at
(Junior) Business Intelligence Big Data Consulting (wm), the Federal Computing Center (BRZ) is the market leader in EGovernment solutions for Austria and one of the largest IT companies in the country. We employ more than 1,200 people and our sales in 2016 totaled 243 million euros. The BRZ operates more than 400 IT applications that ultimately benefit citizens and businesses. (eg FinanzOnline, HELP. gv. at). We are technology partners of the Austrian administration in the digital transformation and support the authorities in rethinking processes, making them simpler and more efficient. (Junior) Business Intelligence Big Data Consulting (wm). Ref. 39. The team concentrates and professionalises the BRZ competences for the re-implementation of modern business intelligence systems. Our employees analyze customer requirements, develop technical solution concepts, advise on the implementation and use of the tools, and implement high-quality business intelligence solutions for the entire federal government. As a BI Consultant you are responsible for the entire development process independently and in teamwork. Your tasks. Conception and implementation of exciting BI projects in the financial sector. Analysis, conception, design and realization of business intelligence and big data solutions (Oracle, MS SQL Server). Implementation and maintenance of data objects in Oracle MS SQL Server databases. Implementation and maintenance of ETL processes for DWH loading. Integration of new data sources. Creation of new statistics in collaboration with the department. Participation and support in project planning. They bring along. Completed technical education (University, FH, HTL with a focus on computer science, business informatics, mathematics or physics). Knowledge of Relational Databases (SQL). Programming knowledge (eg PLSQL, TSQL). Initial experience with reporting tools (eg IBM Cognos) is an advantage. Willingness to learn, ability to work in a team and personal initiative. Accurate, analytical and structured way of working. We offer. Design freedom in a rapidly growing environment. An outstanding continuing education offer. Excellent career options and attractive careers. Flexible, fair and family-friendly working time models. An office with very good connections and infrastructure in the heart of Vienna (Wien Landstraße). For this position, a gross annual collective salary of EUR 41 or higher applies. 262, 20. Depending on qualifications and experience, overpayment is possible. As part of the promotion of women, the BRZ GmbH strives to increase the proportion of women in all business areas. With the same qualification in terms of the requirement profile, women are treated preferentially. Interested ?. Apply via our online application form !. Your contact person for the advertised position is Gudrun Klingspiegl (Telephone: 0043 6648393869). Apply online now. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5054517, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food allowance, Training and further education, Flexible working hours, Bundesrechenzentrum GmbH, kcdn. atcompany8663100454logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Back Zollamtsstraße 4, sameAs: brz. gv. at
Data Analyst Pharma, Data Analyst Pharma to strengthen our team in Vienna. INSIGHT Health is a services company with a broad range of health data on the market and health services research. Our team has extensive expertise in the healthcare market and prepares market intelligence for customers in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries. Tasks. You are responsible for the creation of customer-specific data analyzes and the performance of organizational tasks in the care of customers in Austria. Among other things, you create for these analyzes and prepare results in presentations. Here you mainly use MSOffice standard products (Excel, Access, Word, Powerpoint) as well as specific software solutions for data analysis. Through a team they are continuously involved in all major company coordination processes. Furthermore, you continuously work on the necessary knowledge for your work area. Requirements. You have a commercial and / or IT-oriented education and have a quick understanding and implementation skills in the analysis of data. You have very good knowledge of MSOffice standard products. They are quickly able to use these skills to implement analytical processes for customer care. Teamwork, flexibility and a self-responsible way of working are as much a matter of course as good communication skills. We also expect applicants to be very interested in the healthcare market, ideally you have previous knowledge. We offer. INSIGHT Health is a responsible company that uses its market data to support critical healthcare decisions. You perform challenging tasks in a team-oriented, varied context that leaves you room for customization. Of course, you receive a performance-related salary. Our interdisciplinary team, our wide range of tasks and our great contact and cooperation network provide you with comprehensive insights into the healthcare market. The gross annual salary for this position is at least EUR 28,000, depending on your professional qualifications and experience. Have we aroused your interest? Please send your application documents in electronic form to: INSIGHT Health GmbH Co. KG Ursula Scheithauer Hoher Markt 42 1010 Vienna Tel.: 43 1 934 66 1610 E-mail: UScheithauer @ insighthealth. at Web: insighthealth. de. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5054760, Other Industries,, INSIGHT Health GmbH Co. KG, kcdn. atcompany845441124210logoinsighthealthgmbhcokg. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, High Market 42 Top 7, sameAs: insighthealth. ATDE
Supply Chain Data Scientist (mw), My job with added value. Supply Chain Data Scientist (mw). We are HOFER: people with personality. We also bring in our abilities and talents from the private sphere also valuable in the professional environment. Because common values ​​connect. As the most popular grocery retailer in Austria, we are steadily growing with just under 480 branches and more than 11,000 employees and are therefore looking for committed personalities who can help us to shape the corporate success of our company together.Your personality. independent, process and solution-oriented way of working. pronounced business understanding, analytical mind and number affinity. very good communication and cooperation skills. Enjoying partnership-based cooperation. Your tasks. actively involved in the development and optimization of comprehensive supply forecasting models in our supply chain. Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis of our products and product categories, and set, review, and adjust forecasting parameters (using Demand Influencing Factors). Development and simulation of different supply chain scenarios to determine the best product availability and the procurement strategy. Close collaboration and continuous coordination of results with internal departments and participation in the structure of the department. Your qualifications. completed education on at least Bachelors level, ideally with a focus on mathematics, computer science, SCM, etc. Relevant work experience in the areas of supply chain management, scheduling, inventory management, purchasing, business analytics or logistics. Experience in dealing with SAP solutions and planning software is an advantage. routine use of the PC (especially MS Office). very good German and English. Our range. above-average salary (gross monthly salary from EUR 2,772, for 38, 5 hoursweek). versatile field of activity. extensive training. Education and training as part of the HOFER ACADEMY. Possibility of a sabbatical lasting several months. regular teambuilding events. reliable employer. Workplace. Hofer Straße 1 4642 Sattledt. Starting work. from now on. Online application. Please use our online application and attach your CV including motivation letter, photo and all relevant certificates. Apply online. More information about HOFER as an employer under career. Hofer. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Sattledt, Upper Austria, AT, 5054877, Trade, Fruit, Fitness, Flexible hours, HOFER KG, kcdn. atcompany15483171824logohofer. companymid. png, Sattledt, 4642, Hofer Strasse 1, sameAs: Career. Hofer. at
Risk Reporting and Data Analyst, Banco do Brasil S. A. (BB SA) is the largest Financial Institution in Latin America. Its whollyowned subsidiary based in Vienna, Banco do Brasil Aktiengesellschaft (BB AG), is the Head Office for the European continental business. Currently, in the Risk Management Controlling Department we are looking for a. Risk Reporting and Data Analyst. Fulltime. The Risk Management Controlling Department of BB AG is responsible for the strategic risk management and controlling practices of both BB AG and its branches across Europe. Risk management issues include risk identification, quantification, aggregation and monitoring. The department is responsible for the development and implementation of methods for measuring risk, the ongoing improvement of control and steering instruments and the maintenance of regulatory riskrelated requirements. Your are responsible:to provide the management board with timely and accurate risk information in the areas of credit and market risk, including both regulatory approaches and internal models,to further develop internal models across those risk types, including the support of their validation,to ensure compliance with applicable EuropeanAustrian regulation, including CRRCRD, EBA standards and OeNBFMA guidelines,to manage projects in your area of responsibility, in both regulatory and technical aspects,to monitor and control production of internal management reports, and to research methods of data optimization, data modelling and data processing,to share knowledge about internal projects, methods, processes, systems and databases effectively with members of the Risk Management and Controlling Department and other BB AG departments.Your profile:University degree in business administration or similar, preferably with background in Financial Markets, Mathematics, Statistics or IT;. Preferred prior experience in Financial Institutions, ideally in Risk Management or Risk Control functions;. Preferred prior knowledge of the AustrianEuropean banking regulation of advantage;. Required SQL (preferably PostgreSQL) and data management skills as well as advanced Excel (especially Pivot and OLAP) skills;. Preferred knowledge of data management and models development using R;. Preferred capability to execute basic automation of MS Office tasks via VBA, as well as simple OS automation; using scripting languages (Python, Bash, Batch). Resultdriven attitude and intercultural skills;. Strong organizational, analytical and multitasking skills;. Excellent knowledge of English. Portuguese or Spanish language is an advantage.We offer a challenging and interesting position in a truly international environment. Based on the collective agreement for the banking industry the monthly gross salary is EUR 2. 791, 43. Additional payment is possible depending on qualification and professional experience. Moreover, we offer attractive benefits like training opportunities and meal vouchers. If you are interested in the position, please send your cover letter and CV directly to: bbag. hr@bb. com. br. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5054979, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Banco do Brasil Aktiengesellschaft, kcdn. atcompany195751720552logobancodobrasilaktiengesellschaft. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Praterstasse 314. Stock, sameAs: bb. com. br
Assistant to the Management, The KnowCenter is the Austrian Research Center for Datadriven Business and Big Data Analytics. Embedded in a network of more than 50 partner companies and more than 100 international research institutes, over 100 highly qualified employees conduct research at our location in Graz under the motto xe2x80x9from data to intelligence  on innovative solutions and intelligent services for our customers.The KnowCenter is looking for a (n committed). Assistant to the Management (Focus: International Relations) (38, 5 hW) in Graz. Task. As a management assistant you primarily support the alignment and implementation of strategic goals. Your area of ​​responsibility is the research and preparation of information and decision-making principles, as well as the creation of analyzes, reports and presentations. The development of ideas, concepts and project proposals is also one of your strengths. In close cooperation with the management, you represent the know-how at national and international level. They maintain regular contact with relevant partners and networks from research, industry and politics in order to be able to optimally present the Know-Centers competences both nationally and internationally. Together with the heads of research and those responsible for research cooperation, you will initiate new research projects and take on parts of the coordination. Required specialist knowledge: Above-average degree in economic, technical or relevant studies. Excellent German and English language skills. Excellent communication and negotiation skills are just as important as planning competence. They have analytical problem-solving skills and a pronounced affinity for numbers. Personal integrity, loyalty and discretion. A high level of commitment, resilience and willingness to travel. We offer. Young, dynamic, multicultural and creative team. Pleasant, informal, stimulating working atmosphere. Possibilities for professional and personal development. Flexible working hours and optimum scope for personal work-life balance. The minimum salary is EUR 2 393 for a full-time job (38, 5 hW). Depending on your experience and any additional qualifications, overpayment is possible. We look forward to receiving your application, please send it as an email enclosing relevant documents to career @ knowcenter. at.KNOWCENTER GMBH. RESEARCH CENTER FOR DATADRIVEN BUSINESS AND BIG DATA ANALYTICS Inffeldgasse 136, A 8010 Graz. Know center. at. For job posting on our website:, 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5055002, Science, Research, Education & Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Awards, KNOWCENTER GmbH Research Center for Data Driven Business Big Data Analytics, kcdn , atcompany439261572264logokompetenzzentrumfrwissensbasierteanwendungenusystemeforschungs. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Inffeldgasse 136, sameAs: knowcenter. TUGraz. at
Risk Quantification Controller (mf), To support our Team Group Credit Risk Portfolio Management we are looking for a:Risk Quantification Controller (mf). Location: Vienna or Klagenfurt. Your tasks:Coordinate and ensure that all external and internal risk reports are delivered in timely manner and required quality, including adhoc reports to regulators, external auditors etc.Define groupwide methodology and standards for risk reporting. Group wide collaboration and communication with all entities related to risk reporting. Creating and deploying reports. Participate in business analysis activities to gather required reporting and dashboard requirements. Design and implement technology best practice, guidelines and repeatable processes. Your profile:Masters or BA degree (economic or quantitative). A minimum of 3 years experience in riskfinance activities. Knowledge of the banking industry, including of relevant regulations (e. g Basel, IFRS etc. ). Advanced MS Office knowledge. Experience with TSQL andor PLSQL. Experience with tools for data integration and transformation (SSIS, ODI). Experience with Dimensional Modeling, familiar with Enterprise Data Warehouse Bus Architecture. Experience with in BIDWH, knowledge of data analytical tools (SAS, IBM Cognos, Tableau, Power BI). Advanced Analytics knowledge (Machine learning, data mining) and Agile PM is an advantage. Strong analytical, good communication and presentation skills as well as good organizational skills. Understand cultural diversity topics. Did you like this job ad? You think you are an ideal candidate for this position? If yes, please send your CV and motivation letter in English to: hr@addiko. com with the subject: Risk Quantification Controller (mf). For further details please contact Albina Kohler: 43 50 232 2215. Required information pursuant to section 9 of the Austrian Equal Treatment Act GleichbehandlungsG: Minimum gross annual remuneration as per collective agreement from EUR 40, 000 upwards overpayment depending on qualifications and professional experience. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, Klagenfurt, 5055044, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Addiko Bank, kcdn. atcompany16552378304logogross. companymid. gif, Wien, 1010, Wipplingerstraße 344. OG, sameAs: addiko. com
Data Integration Engineer (mw), We are part of the Plasser Theurer Group, which is the world leader in railway construction equipment with around 3500 employees worldwide. The Plasser Theurer Connected G. m. b. H., based in Softwarepark in Hagenberg, was founded in 2017 and specializes in the development and evaluation of condition monitoring systems. Data Integration Engineer (mw). Her tasks: Supporting the implementation of IT-based data information and networking systems for customers worldwide. Autonomous project commissioning. Parameterization and adaptation of existing software products. Creation of scripts for data analysis or process automation. Development of own tools for integration into the existing software. Your requirement profile: Completed HTL training in computer science or information technology. Solid programming skills, ideally in Python. Basic knowledge of web technologies like Angular, ReST, Javascript. Experience with databases. Interest in big data and cloud computing. Traveling. Personally, you convince us with your independent way of working, teamwork and reliability. Our offer: full-time employment: 38, 5 h per week. High degree of personal responsibility. Collaboration in the development of a promising data mining project with state-of-the-art technologies. Excellent working atmosphere in a pleasant working environment. Monthly salary: EUR 2.373, gross, willingness to overpay depending on qualification. Attractive social benefits. Application to: Plasser Theurer, Connected Gesellschaft m. b. H., contact: Mag Anita Flankl Software Park 21, 4232 Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Email: office @ ptconnected. com or: personal. Linz @ Plasser & Theurer. com. Plasser & Theurer. com xe2x80x9ePlasser Theurer, xe2x80x9ePlasser  and xe2x80x9ePT  are internationally registered trademarks. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5055050, Internet, IT, Telecom,, PT Connected Ges. M. b. H., kcdn. atcompany1137133194523unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: ptconnected. com
Firmware Embedded SW Developer (mw), We are part of the Plasser Theurer Group, which is the world leader in railway construction equipment with around 3500 employees worldwide. The Plasser Theurer Connected G. m. b. H., based in Softwarepark in Hagenberg, was founded in 2017 and specializes in the development and evaluation of condition monitoring systems. Firmware Embedded SW Developer (mw). Your tasks: Cooperation in the development of cloud-based data processing systems. Requirements Collection, Specification and Implementation of Software in CC, Phyton. Creating algorithms for processing data at the microcontroller and in the cloud. Implementation and commissioning of software and hardware on self-developed systems. Conception and implementation of data collection strategies. Your requirement profile: Completed education (FH, Uni, HTL) in the field of electronics or computer science. Experience in interface programming (CAN, Ethernet, xe2x80xa6), data security, data encryption. Very good knowledge of CC as well as embedded operating systems (RTOS, Linux). Project and practical experience in software development of hardware-related systems. Interest in sensors, data mining and big data. Basic knowledge of electronics and circuit technology. Personally, you convince us with your independent way of working, teamwork and reliability. Our offer: full-time employment: 38, 5 h per week. High degree of personal responsibility. Collaboration in the development of a promising data mining project with state-of-the-art technologies. Excellent working atmosphere in a pleasant working environment. Monthly salary: EUR 2. 600, gross, willingness to overpay depending on qualification. Attractive social benefits. Application to: Plasser Theurer, Connected Gesellschaft m. b. H., contact: Mag Anita Flankl Software Park 21, 4232 Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Email: office @ ptconnected. com or: personal. Linz @ Plasser & Theurer. com. Plasser & Theurer. com xe2x80x9ePlasser Theurer, xe2x80x9ePlasser  and xe2x80x9ePT  are internationally registered trademarks. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5055051, Internet, IT, Telecom,, PT Connected Ges. M. b. H., kcdn. atcompany1137133194523unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: ptconnected. com
Web developer (mw), We are part of the Plasser Theurer Group, which is the world leader in railway construction machinery with around 3500 employees. The Plasser Theurer Connected G. m. b. H., based in Softwarepark Hagenberg, was founded in 2017 and specializes in the development and evaluation of condition monitoring systems. WEBENDWICKLER (mw). Your tasks: Development of web applications, frontend and backend. Requirements analysis, design and implementation. Application-oriented development of solutions and services. Co-design of a promising project with modern technologies. Software testing and quality assurance. Your requirement profile: Education (FH, Uni) in the field of computer science or comparable. Experience in web development. Knowledge in Angular, HTML5, CSS, Java Script. Interest in cloud services. Knowledge in Python desirable. Experience with databases (SQL, NoSQL). Personally, you convince us with your independent way of working, teamwork and reliability. Our offer: full-time employment: 38, 5 h per week. High degree of personal responsibility. Collaboration in the development of a promising data mining project with state-of-the-art technologies. Excellent working atmosphere in a pleasant working environment. Monthly salary: EUR 2. 600, gross, willingness to overpay depending on qualification. Attractive social benefits. Application to: Plasser Theurer, Connected Gesellschaft m. b. H., contact: Mag Anita Flankl Software Park 21, 4232 Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Email: office @ ptconnected. com or: personal. Linz @ Plasser & Theurer. com. Plasser & Theurer. com xe2x80x9ePlasser Theurer, xe2x80x9ePlasser  and xe2x80x9ePT  are internationally registered trademarks. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5055052, Internet, IT, Telecom,, PT Connected Ges. M. b. H., kcdn. atcompany1137133194523unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: ptconnected. com
(Senior) Consultant (m) Financial Services Advisory, Schulmeister Finance focuses on the placement of positions in controlling, finance and accounting. Our customer is a renowned consulting group with excellent interdisciplinary consulting quality and a lived growth strategy. Due to the very successful development, we are looking for a location in Linz or Vienna. (Senior) Consultant (mw) Financial Services Advisory. This position offers a very exciting area of ​​responsibility, interesting career opportunities as well as the chance to be involved in exciting customer projects. The area of ​​responsibility: Collaboration on exciting projects in the field of financial services (acquisition and growth financing, MA, leveraged buyouts, restructuring etc.). Support in the model development of rating procedures, creation of simulation tools for scenario calculations. They show optimization possibilities, carry out company ratings and create analyzes and reports. Your profile: Graduated in Economics (UniFH, WIWI, WINF, Economics, Business Mathematics, etc.). First professional experience in consulting, in the bank audit, in treasury or in a bank or a financial institution. Very good German and English. Proactive personality, team orientation and communication skills. Ability for analytical and networked thinking, recognition of connections. A willingness to travel is hardly required in this position. In a dynamic environment, numerous training and career opportunities are available. Depending on experience and qualifications, this position offers a gross annual salary of EUR 40,000 or more. An overpayment is possible according to your education and professional experience.Please send us your application to the following email address: financelinz @ schulmeisterconsulting. com or press xe2x80x9eJOURLY APPLY  .Join Now. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5055056, Personnel Services,, Schulmeister Finance, kcdn. atcompany583191385schulmeisterfinance. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Wächtergasse 1Top 102, sameAs: schulmeisterconsulting. com
Manager (mw) Business Modeling, Schulmeister Finance focuses on the placement of positions in controlling, finance and accounting. Our client is a renowned consulting group with excellent industry knowledge and a steady, expansive development. Due to this successful development, we are looking for one for the locations in Linz or Vienna. Manager (mw) Business Modeling. Transaction advice. You are very interested in combining your business know-how and ITSkills in one position? This position offers dedicated and motivated individuals a great career opportunity and continuous personal and professional development. Dedicated to transaction consulting, you lead a small team in business modeling and create integrated budgeting and financial plans. They support national and international clients in complex Corporate Finance topics. In addition to a completed relevant training (ideally Combi computer science and business administration, financial mathematics, statistics o. Ä.) Bring already several years of professional experience in comparable areas such as IT advisory, in management consulting, in the banking environment or a financial planning department of a company with. Furthermore, SAP consultants are also invited to apply. They are characterized by strong analytical skills, team spirit and very good command of English. In an environment with national and international projects, our client offers interesting employee benefits, opportunities for further development at different levels and an annual gross salary depending on your qualifications and experience from approx. EUR 60,000. Depending on your qualifications and experience, a correspondingly higher fee will be charged. Please send your application to the following e-mail address: financelinz @ schulmeisterconsulting. com or press xe2x80x9eJOURLY APPLY  .Join Now. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5055057, Personnel Services,, Schulmeister Finance, kcdn. atcompany583191385schulmeisterfinance. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Wächtergasse 1Top 102, sameAs: schulmeisterconsulting. com
Data Scientist (mw), We are part of the Plasser Theurer Group, which is the world leader in railway construction machinery with around 3500 employees. The Plasser Theurer Connected G. m. b. H., based in Softwarepark in Hagenberg, was founded in 2017 and specializes in the development and evaluation of condition monitoring systems. Data Scientist (mw). Your tasks: Development and introduction of innovative methods of IT-based data information and networking systems. Conception, development and evaluation of algorithms for automatic analysis (machine learning). Joy and commitment to creative, complex data analysis and modeling. Communication with external experts. Application-oriented development of solutions and services. Your requirement profile: Education (FH, Uni) in the field of computer science, mathematics, physics or electronics. Knowledge of Python, Matlab or R. Analytical skills, feeling for statistical correlations. Experience with databases (SQL, NoSQL). Ideally, experience in condition monitoring or predictive maintenance. Personally, you convince us with your independent way of working, teamwork and reliability. Our offer: full-time employment: 38, 5 h per week. High degree of personal responsibility. Collaboration in the development of a promising data mining project with state-of-the-art technologies. Excellent working atmosphere in a pleasant working environment. Monthly salary: EUR 2. 800, gross, willingness to overpay depending on qualification. Attractive social benefits. Application to: Plasser Theurer, Connected Gesellschaft m. b. H., contact: Mag Anita Flankl Software Park 21, 4232 Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Email: office @ ptconnected. com or: personal. Linz @ Plasser & Theurer. com. Plasser & Theurer. com xe2x80x9ePlasser Theurer, xe2x80x9ePlasser  and xe2x80x9ePT  are internationally registered trademarks. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5055059, Internet, IT, Telecom,, PT Connected Ges. M. b. H., kcdn. atcompany1137133194523unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: ptconnected. com
Web Developer (mw), WEB DEVELOPER (MW). Your area of ​​responsibility. Development of modern web applications with PHP and JavaScript. Independent work and conversion of frontend and backend. Development of graphic-heavy web applications (2D3D visualizations, games, xe2x80xa6). Conception and implementation of marketing tracking and evaluation systems. Try out new technologies (VRARMR, IoT, Machine Learning, xe2x80xa6) or validate them for meaningful projects and implement them if necessary. Your profile. Great self-interest in learning new technologies. Very good knowledge of PHP. Experience in using PHP frameworks (Laravel, PhalconPHP, etc.). Knowledge of TYPO3 and Wordpress is an advantage. Experience in dealing with databases (MySQL). Knowledge in JavaScript (ES6 and NodeJS). Experience with HTML5CSS3. Basic knowledge in handling version control (Git). Experience in game programming 2D and 3D visualization (eg with Unity3D or three.js) is an advantage. General deep understanding in various programming languages ​​(Python, Java, Swift, C (), xe2x80xa6) as well as operating system hardware level. Completed training and military service. Good German and English in spoken and written. We offer you very varied fields of activity in an exciting environment with performance-based remuneration, as well as interesting customers and challenging tasks. For this position, based on a full-time job, a starting salary of EUR 2,300 gross per month applies. Depending on qualifications and experience, overpayment is possible. Klagenfurt, Graz or Vienna. Full time. from EUR 32. 200 gross. Christina RAPPICH. Human Resource Manager 4350556 application @ anexiait. com. APPLY>. About Anexia. You are burning for IT and you want to work in a company that offers modern services and services? Then you are exactly right with us. Anexia offers highly available managed hosting and cloud services and custom software development. Anexia was founded in 2006 by Alexander Windbichler in Klagenfurt and still has its headquarters in Carinthia. From over 10 international office locations, we serve clients around the world with the credo of providing high quality IT services with the best service. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, Graz, Styria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5055808, Internet, IT, Telecom, Education and Training, Flexible Working Hours, Home Office, ANEXIA Internetdienstleistungs GmbH, kcdn. atcompany168192712507logo. companymid. gif, Klagenfurt, 9020, Feldkirchnerstraße 140, sameAs: anexiait. com
Hadoop System Administrator Engineer (wm), Big business and public sector organizations are increasingly using our support for strategic IT services. We are looking for one to support a well-known customer in the telecommunications sector. Hadoop System Administrator Engineer (wm) Location VIENNA. Your tasks. In this role, you are primarily responsible for the ongoing administration as well as the optimization and enhancement of the existing Hadoop clusters. In addition, you are engaged in tracking and evaluating new trends and technologies in the given sector. They bring with them training, knowledge and experience. Completed technical education in the field of Computer ScienceBusiness Informatics (FH, HTL). At least 5 years professional experience in the IT sector, ideally in the corporate environment. Ideally, good to very good knowledge of BigData technologies (Hadoop, Elasticsearch, Sparc, xe2x80xa6) or comparable technologies and your interest to specialize in this field. Comprehensive knowledge of UNIXLINUX administration. Experience in remote debugging of JVM based codes (Scala, Java, Clojure). Experience in configuring and optimizing JVM-based systems (heap size, garbage collection parameters, etc.). Skills in the use of scripting languages ​​(ShellScripts, Perl). Knowledge about requirements and processes as well as associated IT processes of large companies and corporations. German: fluently written and spoken (CV in German). English: very good in speech and writing. For male applicants: completed presence civil service. Operation. logical, analytical comprehension. communicative and sociable. good coordination skills. Innovative, independent problem-solving ability. Independent, structured and responsible work. Working hours. 38, 5 hours a week. We offer. Modern, dynamic, future-oriented company. An exciting area of ​​responsibility with creative freedom. Flat hierarchies. Good working atmosphere, open communication channels. Development opportunities in the subject as well as social competence. Remuneration, salary range: from EUR 3. 500, gross monthly. Depending on training, qualification and experience, overpayment is possible. If we have aroused your interest, please send your written application in German only. CV (including information about your education and experience: projects expertise certificates). Address and availability via telephone email. Photo (desirable). to: SOFTCOM Consulting GmbH, A 1120 Vienna, Bischoffgasse 13, email: personalabteilung @ softcom. at Our website: softcom. at. Code KA 170902. Apply now. SOFTCOM CONSULTING GmbH Bischoffgasse 13, A1120 Vienna Telephone: 43 1 815 79 30 Fax: 43 1 815 79 30 22 email: kontakt @ softcom. at Internet: softcom. at., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5056227, Internet, IT, Telecom,, SOFTCOM Consulting Gesmbh, kcdn. atcompany81964488778logosoftcomconsultinggmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1120, Bischoffgasse 13, sameAs: softcom. at
Partner Manager Hamburg (fm) @ A1 Digital Deutschland GmbH, Partner Manager Hamburg (fm) @ A1 Digital Deutschland GmbH. A1 Digital is part of the A1 Telekom Austria Group. A set of innovative and scalable Cloud and IoT services qualify A1 Digital as partner of choice for digital midmarket projects. The target market is Europe and it includes CEE countries where A1 Telekom Austria Group is already active as well as additional Western European markets, above and foremost Germany. With several years of relevant experience in the field of IoT and some of the leading datacenters in Europe, A1 Digital is well set to support its customers with best of breed solutions.Tasks. You develop the Partner Business of A1 Digital further by screening, generating ideas and qualifications of new partners in alignment with A1 Digitals strategic direction.You scout and develop growth opportunities and innovation through partnerships including partners as indirect channels.You manage and further develop existing partners.You cooperate with other units of A1 Telekom Austria Group to identify and prioritize needs for partnerships.You work with Senior Technology Leads and Solution Consultants internally and at Partner level to design solutions based on customer requirements.You monitor technology and industry trends.You create and monitor relevant KPIs for partnerships.Requirements. Minimum of 35 yearsEUR experience in Management andor business related functionsStrong industry knowledge including the solutions of A1 Digital main business as well as adjacent areas (e. g. Telco, IT, big data analytics, Internet of Things)Sound methodical skills with attention to detail and process requirements.Excellent presentation, networking and communication skills.Homeoffice work place and willingness to travel. Your personality. High energy, selfinitiative, enthusiasm and persistenceTeamplayer and able to drive crossfunctional teamsHandson practical business attitude with the drive to executeAbility and willingness to move quickly on the learning curve of digitalization. There are many possibilities to develop in our company! Seize the chance, evolve and use the possibility to make your career! We are looking forward to your application!. Your application. Apply online here: a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Hamburg, 5056240, Internet, IT, Telekom, Paten MentorenProgramm, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Partner Manager Berlin (fm) @ A1 Digital Deutschland GmbH, Partner Manager Berlin (fm) @ A1 Digital Deutschland GmbH. A1 Digital is part of the A1 Telekom Austria Group. A set of innovative and scalable Cloud and IoT services qualify A1 Digital as partner of choice for digital midmarket projects. The target market is Europe and it includes CEE countries where A1 Telekom Austria Group is already active as well as additional Western European markets, above and foremost Germany. With several years of relevant experience in the field of IoT and some of the leading datacenters in Europe, A1 Digital is well set to support its customers with best of breed solutions.Tasks. You develop the Partner Business of A1 Digital further by screening, generating ideas and qualifications of new partners in alignment with A1 Digitals strategic direction.You scout and develop growth opportunities and innovation through partnerships including partners as indirect channels.You manage and further develop existing partners.You cooperate with other units of A1 Telekom Austria Group to identify and prioritize needs for partnerships.You work with Senior Technology Leads and Solution Consultants internally and at Partner level to design solutions based on customer requirements.You monitor technology and industry trends.You create and monitor relevant KPIs for partnerships.Requirements. Minimum of 35 yearsEUR experience in Management andor business related functionsStrong industry knowledge including the solutions of A1 Digital main business as well as adjacent areas (e. g. Telco, IT, big data analytics, Internet of Things)Sound methodical skills with attention to detail and process requirements.Excellent presentation, networking and communication skills.Homeoffice work place and willingness to travel. Your personality. High energy, selfinitiative, enthusiasm and persistenceTeamplayer and able to drive crossfunctional teamsHandson practical business attitude with the drive to executeAbility and willingness to move quickly on the learning curve of digitalization. There are many possibilities to develop in our company! Seize the chance, evolve and use the possibility to make your career! We are looking forward to your application!. Your application. Apply online here: a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Berlin, 5056241, Internet, IT, Telekom, Paten MentorenProgramm, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Marketing Technologist (mf), Marketing Technologist (mf). THE OPPORTUNITIES ARE ENDLESS WHEN YOU ARE FEARLESS. The KTM GROUP is where forward thinking minds meet adrenalinefueled jobs. If you e passionate about shaping the future and, of course, about motorcycles, then working for the biggest motorcycle manufacturer in Europe may just be the perfect opportunity for you.Aufgaben. align marketing technology with business goals and collaborate with IT, Marketing Team and outside software and service providers. lead integration efforts between marketing, content and data platforms to create an interconnected, dynamic marketing technology ecosystem. serving as a liaison to IT as well as evaluate and choose technology providers. act as a leader with crossfunctional teams (business and technical) and subjectmatter expert for marketing technology integrations across the enterprise and interact fluidly between crossfunctional business and technical teams. create and maintain business and technical documentation related to areas of focus. manage multiple digital projects using creative and technological solutions and write high level testing requirements. interpret data and analysis and provide creative and technical insight to shape digital strategy. Profil. University degree in Business or Marketing and further trainingdegree in an ITrelated field, or graduatelevel education in a similar field like Online Marketing, data analyses, web analytics and ECommerce. fluent in English with excellent verbal and written communication skills, proficient in Adobe Suite. 5 years of experience in Marketing and eBusiness, digital communication or IT related field. motorcycle background desirable. solid project management experience and proven capability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. strong analytical and problemsolving skills, deep knowledge of SEO best practices and creation of digital strategy documents. a varied background with experience in marketing planning and strategy, marketing workflows, business process design and review, behavioral marketing, and data mining and analysis. understand marketing best practices and align with technology solutions. Wir bieten. the opportunity to help shape the future of Europes most successful motorcycle manufacturer. a challenging and responsible range of duties with scope to be creative and with the opportunity to actively apply your expertise gained todate and to develop this further. attractive social benefits, flexible working hours, and interesting training and development opportunities, as well as a unique corporate culture characterized by collegiality and team spirit. performancerelated remuneration starting from EUR 50, 000 (gross) per year (extra payment possible) as well as an attractive bonus scheme. Please note, we are obliged to make this statement on the basis of Section 9 para. 2 of the Austrian Equal Opportunities Act. Kontakt. Viktoria Duringer. 0043 77 42 6000 317. We strongly recommend to use our online system as it is the easiest way to apply for an opening and it allows us to process your application as quickly as possible. Make sure to upload your CV, cover letter and career portfolio including certificates and references.Application procedure: personal interviews (specialist department and human resources). Referenz. Marketing2018002488. Eintritt ab. asap. Unternehmen. KTM Sportmotorcycle GmbH. Standort. Mattighofen, SalzburgUmgebung. Stundenausmaß. full time. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Mattighofen, Oberösterreich, AT, SalzburgUmgebung, Salzburg, AT, 5056665, Fahrzeugbau, Zulieferer, Kantine, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Parkplatz, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Mitarbeitergeschenke, KTM GROUP, kcdn. atcompany36063291039ktm. companymid. gif, Mattighofen, 5230, Stallhofnerstrasse 3, sameAs: ktm. com
Reporting specialist Customer Experience Management, my job with added value. Reporting specialist. Customer Experience Management. We are HOFER: people with personality. We also bring in our abilities and talents from the private sphere also valuable in the professional environment. Because common values ​​connect. As the most popular grocery retailer in Austria, we are steadily growing with just under 480 branches and more than 11,000 employees and are therefore looking for committed personalities who can help us to shape the corporate success of our company together.Your personality. independent and structured way of working. analytical thinking and technical understanding. very good communication and cooperation skills. Enjoy working in a team. Your tasks. Processing department-specific key figures and optimizing the CEM reporting system. Autonomous creation of data analyzes and reports as well as interpretation and presentation of results. Defining customer segments and working out customer profiles based on different data sources. Development of concepts and derivation of recommendations for the CEM strategy as well as further development of existing marketing instruments. Close cooperation and ongoing coordination with internal departments as well as administrative and organizational collaboration in customer experience management. Your qualifications. completed education on a high school level with professional experience in data analysis or completed studies. Relevant work experience in customer experience management in the field of data analysis is an advantage. ideally experience in handling big data and common analysis and data mining tools (eg statistical software R). very good statistics. routine handling of the PC (especially MS Excel). Our range. above-average salary (gross monthly salary from EUR 3.653, for 38, 5 hoursweek). versatile field of activity. extensive training. Education and training as part of the HOFER ACADEMY. Possibility of a sabbatical lasting several months. regular teambuilding events. reliable employer. Workplace. Hofer Straße 1 4642 Sattledt. Starting work. from now on. Online application. Please use our online application and attach your CV including motivation letter, photo and all relevant certificates. Apply online. More information about HOFER as an employer under career. Hofer. at., 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Sattledt, Upper Austria, AT, 5056736, Trade, Fruit, Fitness, Flexible hours, HOFER KG, kcdn. atcompany15483171824logohofer. companymid. png, Sattledt, 4642, Hofer Strasse 1, sameAs: Career. Hofer. at
WebFrontendDevelopler, We, the niceshopsGroup, operate online shops in 15 European countries and are looking for new employees for our location in Graz to support our team. Ecommerce is our passion we love what we do! In order to maintain our high quality standards and to be able to grow internationally, we are looking for reinforcement for our unique development team. You want to become part of this young and motivated team? A short fact check, then you can start !. WebFrontendEntwicklerin. in the field of ECommerce. What you should definitely bring: Enjoy the creation and development of web shops and web applications with the necessary front-end technologies HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript at a high level. You can master PHP in your sleep as well. Which we deal with every day: PHP 7. 1. PHP Framework: Zend Framework (MVC). Typescript. SCSS. CSS Framework: Bootstrap. JavaScript Framework: JQUERY 3, handlebars. Template Engine: Smarty 3. Development Environment: Intellij Phpstorm. Testing: PHPUnit. Versioning: GIT. Database MySQL. Continuous integration via Jenkins2. TensorFlow CouchDB. Additional languages ​​CC, Python, Java. We expect from you: You master an outstanding means of independent work and effective teamwork and bring in your own ideas. You are willing to learn and interested in relevant training and specialization in different areas. You bring with you a high degree of personal responsibility. Of course it would be an advantage if you already had a lot of experience. Practical experience during a course of study obviously also counts here! You can look forward to it: One of the best employers in Austria (ranking best employer trade DACH). You are part of a small but highly motivated team with varied and above all exciting tasks in an expanding, international environment. Daily hot lunch, drinks, fruit and coffee without end you get everything on the house. Flexible working hours in a centrally located, modern location in the center of Graz. Under appropriate conditions, there is a childcare allowance of up to EUR1. 000. You get promotions for in-house massages, a transportation subsidy and benefit from many other casual benefits such as corporate events or excursions. Last but not least: a gross annual salary according to a collective agreement of at least EUR 22. 204. If qualified, overpayment of up to a gross annual salary of EUR 45,000 is possible. Are you interested and would you like to join our team? Then send us your application to jobs @ niceshops. com. We look forward to seeing you and your ideas.niceshops GmbH Reitschulgasse 1 3 8010 Graz Web: niceshops. com. , 20180314T00: 35: 340100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5056853, trade, canteen, childcare, transport subsidies, niceshops GmbH, kcdn. atcompany816253194587logoniceshops2000. companymid. jpg, Paldau, 8341, Saaz 99, sameAs: niceshops. com
IT Solution Sales Manager (mf), About Huawei. Founded in 1988, Huawei Technologies is one of the fastest growing telecommunications and network solutions providers in the world. It is one of the worldwide leading suppliers in the field of Broadband Network (NGN, DSL, MSAN), Mobile Network (GSMGPRS, UMTS, CDMA), Optical Network, Data Communication, Software and Applications (Intelligent Network). Huawei Technologies experienced a fast growth in the last decade with offices in more than 70 countries in the world and supplies its diversified products and solutions to more than 150 countries. We sincerely invite professionals, who have rich working experience in ITTelecom companies to join us and develop together with Huawei. For further information, please visit us at huawei. com.We are offering the following challenging position and the opportunity to grow with us!. IT Solution Sales Manager (mf). You will be responsible for supporting sales management and customers in establishing, developing and closing business opportunities in the field of IT such as ServerStorage. The position is available in Austria Office.Position Duties. Presale support including quote, network design, proposal, presale testing support etc based on good understanding of Huawei IT products.Seek outing, identifying, developing and closing business opportunities with key service provider accounts. Collect and analyze all marketing information and opportunities. Enhance customer relationships.Managing all technical activities and coordinate between Huawei and our customers.Promoting full range of Huawei solutions to defined customers. Produce and deliver formal business proposals and presentations.Identifying key customer requirements and coordinate with Product Management and Engineering to ensure that these requirements are implemented in the products.Identifying, quantifying, and recommending action plan to address new business opportunities according to overall strategy.Requirements. 35 years of experience in one or more following IT areas: Server Hardware, Server Virtualization, Server Operating Systems, Middleware, Databases, Applications, Storage, Backups, Cloudification, Big data, etc.Technical presales or prosales working experience with the operators in Austria.Detailed knowledge of carrier business models and service management strategies.Ability to show creativity and a different way of thinking.Good presentation, collaboration, communication, interpersonal skills and fluency in English and German.What we offer. We offer you a professional career in one of the leading multinational telecommunication companies and challenging work.Contact information. Please send your detailed ResumeCV (photo attached) in English via EMail recruiting. austria@huawei. com indicating your earliest start date and your salary expectations. We offer an attractive and competitive salary starting at 50. 000, EUR gross per year. The salary will be established according to your qualifications and relevant experience. Furthermore, we offer lunch support and the ticket for the public transportation.HUAWEI TECHNOLOGIES AUSTRIA GMBH. EZONE 4th floor Top 7 ErnstMelchor Gasse 20 1020 Vienna. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5056997, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Huawei Technologies Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany6633478463logohuaweitechnologiesaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Ernst Melchior G. 20 EZONE Büro, sameAs: huawei. com
Senior Business Analyst (mf), For our team in Vienna we are looking for a. Senior Business Analyst (mf). Fulltime. You have indepth knowledge in the field of business analysis and ideally have already gained experience in the telecommunications industry? If you are looking for a new challenge in an international environment, have a look at this offer.Your Responsibilities:Collecting detailed technical requirements from various stakeholders. Conception and technical implementation of analyses, as well as providing and linking business critical key figures. Create and visualize meaningful analysis results using reports, dashboards and PowerPoint. Development of data models for complex business applications. Create sophisticated SQL (and PLSQL) statements. Interpretation of analysis results into businessrelevant information and recommendation for business units. Your Skills:Completed University degree in Computer Science or Economics. Several years of experience in Business Analysis. Extensive knowledge of relational databases (Oracle), PLSQL development and analysis. Excellent skills in Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint. Strong communicator on executive level with a handson mentality. Fluency in English (Level C1). German is a plus. We offer you:An interesting and diversified position. Opportunity of further developing your career within our organization. Various fringe benefits such as jobtickettravel expense allowance, UPC products and partner companies discounts, pension fund, health program and much more. A salary starting at EUR 3. 000 per month the actual salary is depending on qualification and experience. Please send us an English version of your motivational letter and CV to apply for this job. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5057303, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Essenszulage, Snacks, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, UPC Austria, kcdn. atcompany27952278426logoupc. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1120, Wolfganggasse 5860, sameAs: upc. at
Data Scientist Software Engineer (wm), AI Machine Learning Python 7LYTIX has great projects. Data Scientist Software Engineer (wm) at least 1 year of work experience. We at 7LYTIX have great new projects, such as predictive analytics, image analysis, dynamic pricing and autonomous driving, because state-of-the-art data analytics methods give our customers a competitive edge. For our international team we are looking for more Data Scientists with completed technical or scientific studies and first professional experience for full-time employment (38, 5 h). Their tasks: explorative and predictive analysis of complex data sets and development of algorithms and software for the above projects. Data visualization. Your profile: Completed Bachelors or Masters degree in the fields of (bio) computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics etc. Anyway excellent knowledge of Python. Also in R or similar, numerically oriented programming languages ​​as well as eg Java, C. Experience in software development, eg with Tensor Flow, Keras, Pandas, Scikitlearn, SQLNo SQL database systems, HadoopSpark, Open Source MLTools. You do not even shy away from complex datasets and understand software engineering and object-oriented programming more than spaghetticode. Our offer: Excellent development prospects in an innovative industry and a sympathetic company with morality and decency. Team-oriented working environment, flat hierarchies and short decision-making paths. Excellent development opportunities for committed personalities. Our budget for you: between EUR 2. 700, and 3. 300, monthly gross. Depending on your professional experience and qualification maybe more. We look forward to receiving your electronic application to jobs @ 7lytix. com 7LYTIX GmbH, Am Winterhafen 11, 4020 Linz, Tel. 0732600189., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5057316, Internet, IT, Telecom,, 7lytix gmbh, kcdn. atcompany1100643173098logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, at Winterhafen 11, sameAs: 7lytix. com
FSO IT Business Process Designer andor Development Expert (mf), Step up.We are shaping the world with sensor solutions!. ams success, being a world leader in the design and production of high performance analog ICs and sensor solutions is driven by our most important asset our employees. To support our continuing growth, we are looking for people with ideas, people who want to make a difference and are focused on being the best.FSO IT Business Process Designer andor Development Expert (mf). Job No. 2377. Job descriptiontasks and responsibilities:We are looking for a highly motivated IT professional to join our young and dynamic data analysis team.Analyze the business needs of our internal customers, design and develop suitable solutions to support operations of the business.Unify grown processes according to current business needs creating new standards.Analyze complex business processes and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decisionmakers. Provide assistance to our key users.Redesign and optimize existing solutions to enhanced requirements.Being detailoriented, with a focus on providing accurate and usable results in a timely manner.Work on hisher own initiative and in teams, interacting with internal customers.Educationexperience:Technical education or degree or diploma in computer science or similar experience. Excellent experience in working with relational databases as Oracle and development (SQL, PLSQL). Good experience in high level programingscripting languages like Java, JavaScript, Python, Perl, xe2x80xa6. Outstanding organization and analytic abilities. Team player with excellent communication skills. Workplace:Premstätten, Styria, Austria. Collective salary and wage agreement:The employment is in accordance with the collective salary and wage agreement for employees of the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G. (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017).ams offers a great work environment with exciting career paths and trainings, attractive salaries, a profit sharing program, social events and much more.If you enjoy creativity and innovation, working in teams and an open and friendly corporate culture, we are looking forward to your application via our recruiting platform: ams. comengJoinOurTeamOpenPositions. ams. com. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Premstätten, Steiermark, AT, 5057387, Elektronik, Automatisation, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, ams AG, kcdn. atcompany3599426230logoamsaustriamicrosystemsag. companymid. gif, Unterpremstätten, 8141, Tobelbader Strasse 30, sameAs: ams. com
Architect Digital Initiatives, Discovering New Challenges !. We are a successful Upper Austrian family business with several locations in Germany and abroad. We have established ourselves worldwide as the leading manufacturer of steel and fiber ropes as well as high-quality plastic packaging products. We are looking for one for our location in Wels. ARCHITECT DIGITAL INITIATIVES. Your area of ​​responsibility: Development of digitization initiatives to project maturity. Development of requirements definitions and solution concepts as well as prototypes in the area of ​​digitization. Identification and operational testing of new technologies, as well as networking with external partners (technology suppliers, universities, etc.). Collaboration in digitization work and intensive collaboration with in-house teams. Implementation and support of digitization projects (mobile applications, web applications, data analysis platform, etc.). How to convince us: Completed IT training (HTL or university). Several years of professional experience and solid knowledge in web development, industry 4. 0, data analytics, machine learning desirable. Experience in project management and programming is beneficial. Excellent German and English language skills. Team-capable, communicative and structured personality with a keen interest in new technologies. We offer you: an exciting, challenging position in a dynamic environment and a well-rehearsed team. Numerous opportunities for training and further education within the framework of our TEUFELBERGER Academy. MORE for our employees in the form of an in-house fitness center, a canteen, numerous joint activities and a voluntary travel allowance for everyone outside of Wels. MORE than the collectively agreed minimum salary of EUR 2. 648, 11 gross monthly. The actual salary depends on your previous experience and your qualifications. If you are interested, we look forward to receiving your application via our homepage.TEUFELBERGER, Ms. Eva Kislinger, Vogelweiderstraße 50, 4600 Wels, teufelberger. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wels, Upper Austria, AT, 5057388, Industry, Production,, Teufelberger, kcdn. atcompany26861639167logoteufelbergergesmbh. companymid. gif, Wels, 4600, Vogelweiderstrasse 50, sameAs: teufelberger. com
(Junior) Application Manager Authorization Security (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 dedicated employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. (Junior) Application Manager Authorization Security (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg or Carinthia (Villach area). Your tasks: Responsibility for the task area SAP Authorization Security. Interface function between the areas Support Application Management Department. Implementation of authorization analyzes and creation of relevant reports. Authorization and roll development. Collaboration in the project Identity Access Management (IAM). Support of product management, optimization of processes and applications, automation of administration tasks. Carrying out maintenance, rectifying any faults that occur. The tasks are designed in terms of scope and content depending on the already existing professional experience and qualifications. When traveling to Carinthia regular travel to the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg (about 2 daysweek). They offer: Successfully completed IT Business Administration training; Several years of professional experience in the merchandise management environment is an advantage, but we also like to give jobseekers an opportunity and train them. Experience Understanding of business processes and, ideally, knowledge in project management. Experience in 2nd level support. SAP knowledge of advantage. xe2x80x9eHands On  mentality and strong technical understanding. Above-average degree of independence, commitment, strong communication skills, understanding of customer requirements, good demeanor and sound quality awareness. Very good knowledge of German, English knowledge of advantage. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, Carinthia, Carinthia, AT, 5057708, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
IT Inhouse Consultant Retail Solutions (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.IT Inhouse Consultant Retail Solutions (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Management and cooperation in international IT projects. Advising our customer HERVIS on the implementation of new processes, functions and products. Design, conception and introduction of innovative IT solutions in a young, dynamic team. Support of existing solutions and conception of future functionalities in the ERP environment. They offer: Successfully completed training in business or IT (HTL HAK, FH, University) or several years of relevant professional experience. Knowledge in project management and experience in business administration. High interest in innovations in the retail environment. Experience in the ERP environment is an advantage, but not a requirement; Missing knowledge is supplemented by appropriate training plans. Above-average degree of commitment, logical thinking, independence, strong communication skills, understanding of customer requirements and sound quality awareness. Very good knowledge of German, written and spoken English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5057710, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Java Software Developer (mw), Java Software Developer (mw) Vienna. To strengthen the customers Product Development Team in Vienna, we are looking for a motivated Senior Java Software Developer (mw). Your tasks: As a team player, you are the driving force in all technical matters within the Scrum Team and the entire Software Engineering area develop your high-performance server applications as well as our mobile and web-based applications. His profile: You have a deep understanding of architecture and software design patterns and excellent knowledge in Java and Spring, as well as unit testing. You have experience with web technologies (JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3) You are familiar with databases, SQL and stored procedures. You know Maven, Git and ActiveMQ, or you can quickly familiarize yourself with these tools. Knowledge in Kafka, Cassandra and Apache Spark.Du have a degree in computer science, a comparable education or several years of professional experience in this area.Our offer: Cooperation in a young and highly motivated team and a xe2x80x9eGreat Place to Work . an open cooperation in which everyone can optimally contribute their strengths. a dynamic, innovative and successful company in a growth and future-oriented industry. We are team players, we meet at eye level, enjoy the work and celebrate our successes together. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 2. 825, gross month. However, our attractive salary packages are based on current market salaries and are depending on professional experience above the specified Mindestgehalt.Du want to play in the dream team? Then apply today !. We look forward to your meaningful application documents. If you have any questions, please contact Ms. Mag Anna Maria Huemer by phone on 43 (0) 1 524 55 01 37. Apply. Randstad Austria. Neubaugasse 431, 1070 Vienna. randstad. at., 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5057777, Personnel Services,, Randstad Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany50818501022logorandstadpersonalberatung. companymid. gif, vienna, 1070, Neubaugasse 43112, sameAs: personalberatung. randstad. at
(Junior) Fund Manager xe2x80x93 Multi Asset Management (mf), As fullyowned subsidiary of Erste Group Bank AG, Erste Asset Management GmbH coordinates and is responsible for all asset management activities of the Group. More than 300 employees across 6 different countries develop and manage investment solutions for our investors.(Junior) Fund Manager Multi Asset Management (mf) Fulltime. You will be part of Erste AMs Multi Asset Management team, currently managing more than EUR 7bn in assets across 6 countries and will work in close coordination with Fund Managers on the following tasks: Work in the multi asset management team. Management (support in the management) of multi asset funds for institutional, retail and private banking clients. Comanage (support in the management of) single security multi asset funds or a derivatives portfolio consisting of cross asset alternative risk premia strategies. Take active opinions and views (support the investment decision making process) across asset classes and investment strategies. Development and improvement of new and existing asset allocation and trading strategies within equities, fixed income, FX and alternatives. Development of fund management tools. Prepare content for internal and external (stake holders), presentations, reports and clients information. Support client facing fund managers. Support or have client facing activities. You:have a Masters oder Bachelors degree in economics, finance, mathematics, statistics, information technology, data science or physics. have 03 years of work experience in asset management, trading, structuring or risk management. have very strong programming skills (R, VBA) and a high affinity towards information technology, data science, economics and finance. have excellent Microsoft Office skills. have high analytical capability and a precise style of working. have a service and client oriented mind set. have a strong willingness to acquire new skills and are open minded. have excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German, teamwork, and relationshipbuilding skills. relevant professional experience is not mandatory, affinity to financial markets is a must. We offer. a challenging and innovative working environment with Austrians largest asset manager. development perspectives in the job. indepth trainings and mentoring as part of your first year. a competitive and performancerelated salary which will depend on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 30. 954, 14 gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement.Did we raise your interest?. Please send your full application with a CV and cover letter until 31. 03. 2018 exclusively through our website ersteam. atkarriere A goal of Erste Asset Management is to increase the percentage of women within the organization. Therefore we especially invite female applicants to apply for this open position and are looking forward to receiving applications from highly qualified women.ersteam. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5057789, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Asset Management GmbH, kcdn. atcompany795673088444logogross. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: ersteam. com
Senior Consultant DWHAnalytics, FRT Consulting GmbH is an international enterprise focusing on enterprise data analytics (Business Intelligence DWH Big Data). Best possible advice and the most effective, active support of our customers in the top segment is our goal. Currently, we are looking for experienced enterprise data analytics initiatives in Austria for an experienced consultant or experienced consultant to assist in the design, construction and implementation of technical solutions. You have many years of experience with analytical systems (BIDWHBig Data) even in complex IT infrastructures? Then you should apply as: Senior Consultant DWHAnalytics. Vienna area. This job offer is preferably for experienced architects and developers in the area of ​​Data Warehouse Business Intelligence Data Analytics. The challenge: technical lead in the construction of DWHDatalakeBig Data Systems. Cooperation in architectural concepts. Integration of existing and new architectures. Analysis, description and cost estimate of customer requirements for implementation in existing and new analytics solutions for major customers in Austria in the field of industry, finance, trade. Preparation of technical and technical specifications as a detailed basis for implementation by the software development area. Analysis, extraction and technical preparation of various structured and unstructured data sources for data analysis. Support in the PreSales. We offer: Very exciting and challenging tasks in a promising subject area. Corresponding training and development opportunities. Dynamic, sympathetic team, very good working atmosphere. efficient payment. flexible working hours. You have: Completed Computer Science Education (UniFHHTLInformatik). Very good development experience in SQL, PLSQL, TSQL, Java, Scala, Python etc.Experience in the field of classical (eg Informatika, Penthao, ODI, SSIS) andor new (eg ApacheKafka) data extraction technologies. Mind. 5 years experience in complex analytics system environments (DWHDatalakeNoSQL). At least first experiences with Hadoop Ecosystem (especially Hive, MapReduce, Kafka, Atlas). Willingness to learn new technologies. Very good knowledge of English. Traveling. Our performance-based salary models reward exceptional commitment. Depending on your professional qualifications and experience, a gross annual salary of min. EUR 56. 084, up to approx. EUR 77. 000 gross p. a. fr.FRT Consulting GmbH If you would like to participate in our shared success story as part of our team, we would be delighted if you submit your application documents electronically to bewerbung @ frt. at ship. Further information about our company can be found at frt. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna area, 5057794, consulting, staff notebook, flexible working hours, employee bonuses, FRT Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany189252258979frtlogo2012rgbmitschrift. companymid. gif, Graz, 8041, Liebenauer Hauptstrasse 26, sameAs: frt. at
Computer Vision Engineer (mw), Computer Vision Engineer (mw) Vienna, Austria. Description. Our client develops advanced identity verification solutions for web and mobile with the aim of preventing fraud on a global scale. The software products allow the verification of IDs and credit cards in real time. The worlds leading technology companies are among the customers of our client.You will get the chance to work with a small team where each and every members opinion matters.The clients global team has offices in Austria, California (US) and in India.Your tasks:Develop computer vision algorithms with the clients top notch RD development team.Analyze and improve existing algorithms using by increasing efficiency, profiling, memory locality, xe2x80xa6. Explore and research new methods pertaining to future product development.Be a key component to creating a product that is ensured to be the future of the clients marketplace.Your Expertise Essential Skills:Background in Computer Vision andor Machine Learning. Background in C andor Python. Additional Skills:Experience with multithreadingconcurrency.Background in Android or IOS development.Knowledge of NEONSSE and vector processing. Knowledge of GPU programming (e. g. GLSL). Enjoy working in a selforganizing team environment. Think further than the solution appears to require. Excellent analytical, conceptual and communications skills in spoken and written English. Fast learner, high capacity for abstract thinking and structured approach to work plus a handson mentality and international mindset. Your benefits:Our client offers an annual full time salary (38, 5hr week) of minimum EUR43. 000 gross with a possible overpayment depending on qualifications and experience.A flat structure and AGILE environment. A friendly, sunny office in Vienna with easy access via public transport. An awesome team to work and enjoy lunchtime BBQxc2xb4s with. A discounted Gym membership. Team individual learning development. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre aussagekräftigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. Für Rückfragen steht Ihnen Frau Mag Anna Maria Huemer telefonisch unter 43 (0) 1 524 55 01 37 gerne zur Verfügung.randstad. at(Bewerben. Randstad Austria. Neubaugasse 431, 1070 Wien. randstad. at. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5057997, Personaldienstleistung, , Randstad Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany50818501022logorandstadpersonalberatung. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Neubaugasse 43112, sameAs: personalberatung. randstad. at
Senior Backend Developer (fm), Senior Backend Developer (fm). Do you want to shape the future of conversational interfaces? Work with major European brands, as well as incredibly cool startups. Work with a team on the bleeding edge of technology and be part of the center of bot activity in Europe. Since we work with many startups from around the world, youll feel the entrepreneurial spirit and youll get insights into the startup scene. Maybe youll become an entrepreneur yourself!?. In general, we e looking for someone with:Solid technical education (computer science, software engineering) OR a strong selflearning hacker mindset. 3 years of relevant experience. Experience with agile methods and teams. Capacity to quickly understand requirements and provide solutions. Good communication skills. Excitement for change and a learning culture. Fluent in English. German preferred, but not a must.What a perfect candidate would also bring along:First experience in at least one major AINLP platform (API. ai, Wit. ai, IBM Watson, Google NLP, etc). Experience with at least one major messenger platform (FB Messenger preferred). Experience with Node. js (ES6 classes, promises). First bot experience or showcase. Our offer is higher than the mandatory collective bargaining agreement (2. 825EUR grossmonth depending on experience and education level), a yearly ticket for Viennas excellent public transport and udemy access is on us as well.Hooked? Well, then tell us about you and your dev stories! Dazzle us with your CV, showcases, portfolio or whatever youd like us to see. Please send everything to Iva at beawesome@theventury. com. We e excited to hear from you! Your TheVenturyTeam. TheVentury GmbH Iva Web: theventury. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Vienna, 5058154, Internet, IT, Telekom, , TheVentury, kcdn. atcompany1127533080310logos. companymid. gif, Wien, 1010, Schottenring 33G, sameAs:
Clinical Assay Scientist xe2x80x93 Analytical Development, Clinical Assay Scientist Analytical Development. Date posted: February 7, 2018 Location: Vienna, Austria. Position Summary:We are looking for a clinical assay scientist with a strong background in immunological assays, molecular biology techniques and virology to join our highly motivated team at Hookipa Biotech AG, a Viennabased clinical stage biotechnology company developing novel recombinant viral vector vaccines against infectious diseases and cancer.Main Responsibilities:Lead and guide the selection and characterization of diagnostic biomarkers for analytical assays for use in clinical studies to evaluate humoral and cellular immunogenicity. Though not physically performed, must understand techniques such as ELISPOT, specific intracellular cytokine staining (ICS), ELISA, virus neutralization assays, in vitro effector assays to support clinical trials and to assess the immunogenicity of Hookipa vaccine candidates. Review and statistically analyze raw clinical data, prepare interim reports, protocols and technical reports in support of regulatory filings. Development and optimization of performance of immunological assays (e. g. RTPCR, multicolor flow cytometry and virus titer determination by double immunofluorescence focus formation assay) under BSL2 conditions to support development of vaccine products. Data analysis and evaluation, monitoring of potency assay performance (trending, critical reagents evaluation), troubleshooting, analytical assay qualifications and documentation according to GDP standards. Reviews and provides advice for contracts related to study services.Effectively communicate and present (internally and externally) scientific results in oral and written forms.Collaborate with crossfunctional team to meet project timelines. Qualifications:PhD in Virology, Immunology or cancer biology or related fields with minimum 1 year relevant industry experience. Strong background in immunology, molecular biology and virology. Experience with development of clinical assays is a must. Data processing, analysis, interpretation, and writing clinical study reports. Background in cancer biology and experience in cancer vaccine development is a plus. Leadership skills and proactive working style, detailorientated and wellorganized. Ability to work independently, work on multiple projects in parallel, plan and prioritize work. Excellent teamwork and communication skills (English fluently, written spoken) to drive crossfunctional work. Experience with Quality systems (e. g. GMP; GLP, GCP) is an advantage. What we offer:Strong team with dedicated and passionate scientists. State of the art infrastructure. An excellent working atmosphere. Opportunities for personal development. Working in a multinational and multicultural environment. Minimum monthly gross salary is EUR 3. 000, ; according to our collective labor agreement, depending on experience and qualification salary can be negotiated. Starting date: As soon as possible.Contact. If you (mf) are interested in this challenging position, please send your resume including a cover letter summarizing your qualification and experiences to: talent@hookipabiotech. com For more information on Hookipa Biotech please visit hookipabiotech. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5058267, Wissenschaft, Forschung, , Hookipa Biotech AG, kcdn. atcompany530362962581hookipa. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, HelmutQualtingerGasse 22, sameAs: hookipabiotech. com
Data Analyst, After starting off in 2007 with 2 stores in Vienna, Bambini rapidly became the goto destination for fashion loving parents. Currently being Europexc2xb4s biggest childrenxc2xb4s luxury clothing store, Bambini expanded into ecommerce (bambinifashion. com) last year in February and is rapidly growing month by month. At the core of a family business with a flat hierarchy, we are looking for you as a highly skilled and motivated data analyst to join our team located in the 2nd district of Vienna.Data Analyst. We are looking for a passionate certified Data Analyst who will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. You will take responsibility for managing our master data set, developing reports, and troubleshooting data issues. To do well in this role you need a very fine eye for detail, experience as a data analyst, and deep understanding of the popular data analysis tools and databases Responsibilities:Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Work with management to prioritize business and information needs. Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. performing further analysis to determine the meaning of the data. Troubleshooting the reporting database environment and reports.Requirements:Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst. Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques. Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc). Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. Good interpersonal, teamworking skills and verbal communication skills. The ability to plan work and meet deadlines. Your personality:Target and solutionoriented personality. Can do attitude. Passion for data and details. Team player, who understands the value of joint effort. Seize the chance, evolve and use the possibility to make your career! We are looking forward to your application!. The annual salary depends on your qualifications and professional experience.MB FASHION Web: bambinifashion. com. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, 1020, 5058296, Handel, , MB Fashion GmbH, , Wien, 1020, Walcherstraße 6A Unit 4, sameAs: bambinifashion. com
Data Scientist (mf) for Building Technologies, Data Scientist (mf) for Building Technologies (289671AP). Together we are driving Austria forward We electrify, automate and digitalize: Our employees make real what matters.The Siemens Building Technologies Division is the global leader on the market for safe and secure, energyefficient and environmentfriendly buildings and infrastructure. We are the trusted technology partner, service provider, system integrator and product supplier for fire safety und security as well as for building automation, heating, ventilation, air conditioning (HVAC) and energy management solutions.Data is at the core of everything we do. Our progress as a society and the innovative ideas, that makes our lives easier and more sustainable are all driven by data. We spend roughly 90% of our lives inside buildings buildings that together account for over 30% of the worlds CO2 emissions so our mission of leveraging the power of data to create perfect places is an important one. If you are an ambitious data scientist looking for an opportunity to grow, in a well resourced and resultsoriented culture become a part of our businessfacing team and help us to improve the performance of buildings so that the people within them and the environment around them can thrive.Join our team now in the Building Technologies Division as Data Scientist (mf) in Vienna. We are looking for a skilled, motivated, and open minded data science enthusiast to turn data and information into innovation and action.While collaborating within our Digital Service Center Team, you will gain insights and unveil new opportunities for teammates and customers. We are constantly exploring new ways of working with data to see just whats possible. At Siemens, our Digital Service Center Team is working to leverage the power of data to create Perfect Places.Your new role challenging and futureoriented. Implementation and management of big data analytics projects with the focus on big data, advanced analytics, machine learning and industrial applications. Quality validations of the data analytics models developed in the team. Responsibility for building sustainable processes to support quickly expanding data volumes and ensuring data quality and data accessibility together with the data architects.Prototyping of models and algorithms defined.Work with product managers, domain experts and customers to identify new value opportunities from data driven insights for the future of our building technology business.Work with RD team to continue the implementation of data analytics into BT software applications (internal Siemens use) and products (customer use). Presentation of data analytics project results to internal stakeholders. Interaction with business stakeholders and customers to understand business data and analytics requirements and identify datadriven business opportunities. Your profile. You successfully completed a university degree with a strong quantitative background such as computer science, mathematics, quantitative economics, physics, electrical engineering, quantitative social sciences or engineering sciences. You have at least 2 years of handson experience in the domain of data discovery and data science using big data, advanced analytics and machine learning methodology.You are interested in business processes and practical outcomes how they can be optimized with digitalization.You are a specialist in atleast one area of data science, which you understand deeply. You can explain your particular area of expertise to nonexperts and you understand the tradeoffs between different approaches.You are a generalist in that you are generally familiar with all major concepts of data science and you have a good notion of what expertise are needed to solve a given problem.You should be familiar with Big Data tools such as Hadoop ecosystem or Apache Spark and programming languages such as julia, R, python, lua, or scala etc. and you can use it efficiently to produce highquality results.You are familiar with visualization concepts, tools, and programming languages such as javascript and their related libraries.You apply analytical rigor and statistical methods to improve products and understanding the behavior of the endcustomers experience and their ability gain insights from data. You are fluent in English and in addition German skills are a plus.What else do I need to know?. The gross annual payment for this job vacancy is minimum EUR 44. 800, on a fulltime basis. An overpayment is possible depending on education and experience. Siemens as an international company offers additional social benefits.How do I apply?. We are looking forward for your online application!. Job ID: 289671. Ort: Vienna. Art der Anstellung: FULLTIME. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5058727, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Siemens AG Österreich, kcdn. atcompany8161296891logosiemensagsterreich. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1211, Siemensstrasse 90, sameAs: siemens. atkarriere
Big Data BI Software Engineer (mw), Big Data BI Software Engineer (mw). (Jn 39652) Place of work: Linz. Our client is a globally successful software company that has made a name for itself with top products and services among its international customers. Your future role. Together with several Scrum Development Teams, you will develop BITools for the areas of development, support and sales marketing that are used internally across all teams. Based on existing software usage data such as ClickRates, ClickStreams, performance data, chat as well as video usage, etc., useful insights will be gained for the respective departments Offer. Completed IT training (FHUni). Excellent knowledge in the oo. Software development (Java undoder .NET) and first experience as a BIDWHEngineer. Interest in  Big Picture  complex software solutions. High-performance, agile way of working. Communication skills and social skills. The special thing about this position. Co-designing a software product of the latest generation. Wider use than pure full-time software development. Working with the latest technologies and agile methods. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3200 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3200 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Jennifer Plutsch, BSc (43 732 61 12 21163), jennifer. plutsch @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5058751, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
ODI Developer (mf), I believe that passion is the code for everything. . ODI Developer (mf). YOU:contribute the design and development of an overall data exchange solution, including the review of existing processes to confirm technical feasibility of ODI integration. assist with estimating, creation of road map and strategy, development, and implementation of existing solutions. build ODS and OLTP solutions for new and existing data exchanges. ensure standards and best practices for all current and new frameworks are followed. recommend solutions to address short term and long term gaps. create technical documentation and build instructions to onsite andor offsite global teams. assist with code reviews, deploying, and validating the technical solution when needed. design and develop data transformationETL integrations that conform to consistent methodologies, standards (including security), and industry best practices. develop and maintain SQL, PLSQL code as needed for Oracle database. maintain, monitor, and support ETLELT integrations using ODI. hold a Bachelors degree or equivalent in IT, Computer Science, Engineering or another related degree of study. bring more than 10 years of experience with Oracle Database 10g, 11g or 12c in a Data Warehousing environment, Oracle Data Integrator(ODI), Handson Data Modeling and Working knowledge of ETL and ELT design considerations. have experience with Java framework architecture as well as knowledge of ETL concepts and with data flow diagrams or data flow designs. demonstrate understanding and experience of Oracle Data Integrator (ODI). already gained experience in using ETL tools such as PLSQL stored procedures etc.dispose of an expert level in development and with SQL or PLSQL. have experience with full Software Development Lifecycle methodologies and data management principles. effectively work with business and project team members across the globe whether facetoface, web conference, telephone or email. create a positive work environment through teamwork, conflict resolution and participate in andor lead meetings and workshops. offer fluency in English for both verbal and written communication, German language skills constitute an advantage. WE:provide you with the opportunity to work in a dynamic, challenging international data science environment.offer an autonomous and diversified position in an experienced team with international project experience.support your professional and personal development at all times. Our employees appreciate attractive career opportunities, flexible working hours, numerous social benefits and a professional working atmosphere.offer you a competitive and performancerelated salary that will depend on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 47. 488, gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement.INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: FullTime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5058780, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Group IT International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105922319966unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstegroupit. com
Senior Solution Architect (mf), I believe that agile working is not just a buzzword. . Senior Solution Architect (mf). YOU:represent technology strategy and architecture in programsinitiatives. create key aspects of the business case for a given solution with PM support. oversee and support functional and technical requirements gathering. produce conceptual and logical architectures to meet strategic business, financial and technology objectives through documentation of systems, architectures, process flows and valuechains. author end to end high level design including requirements traceability. provide continuous feedback between strategic and solutions architecture. manage tradeoffs between speed to market, quality and financial impact. ensure adherence to the architecture governance processes and compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. possess technical leadership and exposure across a broad scale of tools, technologies, and architecture models. bring more than 15 years experience in Information Technology with 7 years of Financial Services experience and 2 years of Technology Architecture experience. have financial services experience in Corporate Retail Treasury Cash Management desirable. bring IT knowledge and experience (Hardware, Financial Software, Middleware, Databases) as well as application development knowledge and experience (Distributed Services, Design, Analysis). illustrate best practices in architectural methodologies and standards (e. g. Zachman, TOGAF, Rational Unified Process, IEEE1471, etc. ), quality and productivity methodologies (e. g. Six Sigma, TQM, CMM, etc. ). have strong skills in UML modeling and in addition to Java at least one technology stack (Middleware, Security, SOA etc. ), industry certification in technologies welcome. are experienced in architectingdesigning in both Waterfall and AGILE development methodologies. have strong mentoring skills, are capable to grasp the capabilities of more junior developers and architects and guide them to overachieving their limits. resolve and influence the positive outcome of conflict objectives and priorities. possess the ability to effectively communicate, interact with and influence Senior Technical associates, Business and Operational Partners, and Executives. work effectively within a fastpaced, cohesive architecture team and willing to learn fast and adapt quickly to continuous change. have excellent written (technical), presentation and verbal communication skills essential. WE:provide you with the opportunity to work in a dynamic, challenging international data science environment.offer an autonomous and diversified position in an experienced team with international project experience.support your professional and personal development at all times. Our employees appreciate attractive career opportunities, flexible working hours, numerous social benefits and a professional working atmosphere.offer you a competitive and performancerelated salary that will depend on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 47. 488, gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement.INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: FullTime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5058811, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Group IT International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105922319966unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstegroupit. com
Data Scientist (mw), NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. In order to react more flexibly and efficiently in the future to rapid market changes and to be able to satisfy increasingly complex customer requirements, REWE International AG founds a new company with the aim of establishing the largest multi-customer loyalty program on the Austrian market. You have the chance to accompany this setup with startup character right from the start. QUALIFICATIONS WE REWARD. University degree with a focus on mathematics, statistics or similar. At least 3 years of professional experience in the analytical environment. Excellent knowledge of mathematics. Very good programming skills in R and good SQL skills. Experience in dealing with large amounts of data. Team spirit, very high level of creativity, enjoyment of dealing with complex data structures and mathematical methods (ML), sense of responsibility, goal orientation. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Preparation and presentation of customer data. Development of mathematical methods and models in the fields of time series analysis and machine learning. Solving scaling problems and continuous optimization of developed methods. Management of at least one data science project. Support of stakeholders in analytical and strategic issues. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Employee benefits for shopping and travel. Flexible working hours for a balanced WorkLifeBalance. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. An annual gross salary starting from EUR 40,000, based on full-time and attractive premiums for special commitment (The actual salary depends on the existing qualification and the prior service hours.). WE LOOK FOR DATA SCIENTIST (MW). LOCATION: 1120 VIENNA. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Vienna 12, 5058860, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Junior Data Scientist (mw), NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. In order to react more flexibly and efficiently in the future to rapid market changes and to be able to satisfy increasingly complex customer requirements, REWE International AG founds a new company with the aim of establishing the largest multi-customer loyalty program on the Austrian market. You have the chance to accompany this setup with startup character right from the start. QUALIFICATIONS WE REWARD. University degree with a focus on mathematics, statistics or similar. Professional experience in data analysis is desirable. Excellent knowledge of mathematics. Good programming skills in R and SQL. Experience in dealing with large amounts of data. Team spirit, creativity, enjoyment of dealing with complex data structures and mathematical methods (ML), sense of responsibility, goal orientation. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Preparation and presentation of customer data. Contribute analytical strategic ideas and issues to best support stakeholders. Co-development of mathematical methods and models in the fields of time series analysis and machine learning. Responsibility for small data science projects. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Employee benefits for shopping and travel. Flexible working hours for a balanced WorkLifeBalance. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. An annual gross salary of EUR 31,000 or more, based on full-time employment and attractive premiums for special commitment (the actual salary depends on the existing qualification and the prior service hours). WE LOOK FOR JUNIOR DATA SCIENTIST (MW). LOCATION: 1120 VIENNA. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wien 12, 5058865, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Global SAP IT Application Analyst and Support for Middleware, EDI and SAP SuccessFactors, Semperit is a global player in the rubber and plastics industry. Our product range stretches from gloves (SEMPERMED), through hoses (SEMPERFLEX) and conveyor belts (SEMPERTRANS), to special technically moulded products (SEMPERFORM). We have secured leading positions worldwide in all business areas. Our proactive focus on our core activities, continuing internationalisation and consistent cost management are key factors in our successful growth strategy.At our Wien (AT) location, we are currently recruiting:Global SAP IT Application Analyst and Support for Middleware, EDI and SAP SuccessFactors. Key Responsibilities:2nd, 3rd Level Support for MiddlewareInterfacesData Exchange. Develop and implement global Middleware solutions for Semperit. Permanent improvement of Middleware and EDI processes. Establishment of an efficient and sustainable Middleware IT application landscape. Development of Middleware processes with Semperit key users and business process owners. Implementation of Middleware processes (Interfaces, IDOCS, EDI, Data Exchange) and IT solutions. Evaluate, design and select tools for data exchange between SAP (e. g. ERP, HCM, SuccessFactors) and nonSAP Applications. Support in SAP SuccessFactors Topics. Requirements:Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, or other related fields. Or equivalent work experience.Inhouse Consultant for Middleware (Interfaces, Integration of systems, Data Mapping, EDI, idoc, xml and other exchange types). Coordination of external IT consultants or external service providers. Design and implement data integration processes between systems (e. g. SuccessFactors and SAP HR andor other applications). Interested in SAP SuccessFactors (e. g. LMS Learning Management System). Good analytical and problem solving skills. Good communication skills. We offer an interesting challenge and attractive employment conditions in an international organisation with production sites in Europe (Austria, Germany, Italy, Hungary, Czech Republic and Poland), the USA, and Asia (Thailand, China, India, Malaysia), as well as further sales companies around the world. Good opportunities for further development and comprehensive training are guaranteed.Location: 1031 Wien, Modecenterstraße 22 Gross monthly salary: from EUR 3000 (in accordance with the collective labour agreement); higher rates dependent on professional qualifications and experience If you are interested, we request you to apply online. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5058890, Gesundheitswesen, Soziales, Kantine, Essenszulage, Snacks, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Mitarbeitergeschenke, Semperit AG Holding, kcdn. atcompany2541339291logosemperit. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Modecenterstraße 22, sameAs: semperitgroup. com
Java Developer (mw), Kapsch BusinessCom AG. Java Developer (mw). Place of employment: Vienna or Leonding. Kapsch BusinessCom, a member of the Kapsch Group, supports companies as a digitization partner in increasing business performance and developing new business models, acting as a consultant, system supplier and service provider. The extensive portfolio includes solutions for ICT infrastructure, smart buildings, media and security technology as well as outsourcing services. Comprehensive know-how and a large number of successful use cases make Kapsch the ideal companion for digital transformation. Your tasks. They work with the latest web technologies in the exciting environment of Industry 4.0, IoT and digitization. They plan, realize and develop complex software development projects. They optimize the development methods and processes in the team. They evaluate new technologies and toolsYou work with agile development methods (SCRUM). Your profile. Completed IT training (UniFH, HTL). Very good knowledge in object-oriented programming, especially in Java (Java EE, Hibernate, Spring,). Knowledge of current design patterns. Knowledge of data modeling and SQL, NoSQL databases. Knowledge of industry-standard tools (Eclipse, MavenGradle, GIT, Jenkins). An advantage: safe handling of modern technologies and concepts (microservices, messaging, IoT, etc.). An advantage: Experience and / or interest in one of the following topics: Cloud, Data Science, IoT or microcontroller programming. Enthusiasm for new technologies and a sense of usability, user experience and innovative solutions. Very good German and English. Our offer for you. We offer you an attractive specialist career with exciting projects and challenges in an international company with expertise and technological leadership. Pleasant working environment in a small, family-friendly team with short decision paths and flat hierarchies. Benefits such as modern workplace infrastructure, food supplements, window and Christmas holidays, flexible working hours, shopping discounts and more. v. mxe2x80xa6 of a modern family business. Admission: from now on, full-time employment in a permanent employment relationship. Gross salary from EUR 42,000 p. a. (ITKV) with the willingness to overpay according to your qualification. Attractive salary development according to your performance. Ongoing professional and personality-oriented education and training. Apply now!. Do you want to go this exciting way together with us? Then we will be looking forward to your informative application. If you have questions about this job feel free to contact me: Daniela Giovannozzi, 43 (0) 50811 1905., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Leonding, Upper Austria, AT, 5059064, Internet, IT, Telekom, meal allowance, fruit, good connection, Kapsch BusinessCom AG, kcdn. atcompany136633284271kapschlogoclaimrgb002. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1120, Wienerbergstraße 53, sameAs: kapsch. net
Application Architect mw), Kapsch BusinessCom AG. Application Architect mw). Place of employment: Vienna or Leonding. Kapsch BusinessCom, a member of the Kapsch Group, supports companies as a digitization partner in increasing business performance and developing new business models, acting as a consultant, system supplier and service provider. The extensive portfolio includes solutions for ICT infrastructure, smart buildings, media and security technology as well as outsourcing services. Comprehensive know-how and a large number of successful use cases make Kapsch the ideal companion for digital transformation. Your tasks. You are responsible for implementing innovative IT applications. They design modern IT applications in the cloud, data science and IoT environment. Requirement engineering. Create data models, architectures and solution concepts. Cooperation in the creation of prototypes. They coach our developers (CICD, code quality). If interested take over presales activities. If interested: Development as a subject matter expert and takeover of overarching architectural topics. Your profile. Completed technical education with a focus on software development or equivalent professional experience. Professional experience in Java development. Experience in data modeling (UML, Java) and databases. Good knowledge in agile software development (SCRUM). Practical experience and understanding of architecture and application of business applications (ECM, ERP, BPMN, etc.) and modern applications (microservices, messaging, IoT, NoSQL, etc.). An advantage: Experience and / or interest in one of these topics: Cloud, Data Science or IoT. You are a responsible and committed personality who keeps track of stressful situations and is characterized by analytical-conceptional skills and a humanly convincing approach. Very good German and English skills (B2). Our offer for you. Specialist career and exciting projects with international know-how and technology leader. Active participation with plenty of scope for initiative in a highly qualified, family-friendly team. Benefits such as modern workplace infrastructure, food subsidies, subway proximity, profit sharing, shopping discounts and similar. v. mxe2x80xa6 of a modern family business. Windowdays and Christmas holidays, flexible working hours. Admission: from now on, full-time employment in a permanent employment relationship. Gross salary from EUR 50,000 p. a. (ITKV) with the willingness to overpay according to your qualification. Attractive salary development according to your performance. Ongoing professional and personality-oriented education and training. Apply now!. Do you want to go this exciting way together with us? Then we will be looking forward to your informative application. If you have questions about this job feel free to contact me: Daniela Giovannozzi, 43 (0) 50811 1905., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Leonding, Upper Austria, AT, 5059296, Internet, IT, Telekom, meal allowance, fruit, good connection, Kapsch BusinessCom AG, kcdn. atcompany136633284271kapschlogoclaimrgb002. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1120, Wienerbergstraße 53, sameAs: kapsch. net
Scientific Advisor, One shared journey moves us forward. BristolMyers Squibb is a BioPharma leader offering opportunities to learn and grow professionally, working alongside smart, talented colleagues who are committed to helping patients prevail over serious diseases. Our medicines help millions of people around the world in their fight against cancer, heart disease, HCV, and rheumatoid arthritis. Our commitment to patients unmet medical needs drives innovation and pride in our record of achievements and we are recognized as having one of the most innovative pipelines in the industry with launches in Oncology and Specialty products.Scientific Advisor. We are currently seeking a motivated Scientific Advisor to join our medical team in Austria. The Scientific Advisor will help the medical and brand teams by supporting medical projects in close collaboration with other members of the medical team and the wider team including Regulatory, Commercial, Market Access and Sales. By championing both team spirit and an entrepreneurial mindset, the Scientific Advisor will act as a facilitator and medical partner. With passion and drive, heshe will be part of an energetic team advocating better quality of life for patients. The Scientific Advisor will cover whole Austria with a focus on Vienna (field based up to 50%).As the Scientific Advisor your responsibilities will include:Leading scientific communication with HCPs for the designated therapeutic area through facetoface meetings. Effectively present information to HCPs, as appropriate, ensuring medical accuracy and compliance with local procedures, ethical and legal guidelines and directives. Supporting HCPs optimal treatment of patients by translating science into practice. Contributing to the creation of the Local Medical Plan that encompasses launching new treatment modalities with the potential of long term survival and distinct safety profile. Implementing the affiliates educational platform which encompasses activities from face to face, to online and elearning, with the goal of advancing safe and appropriate use for maximal patient benefit. Supporting named patient programs, for example, Early Access Programs (EAPs) through education of HCPs within these important programs. Planning and supporting execution of Advisory Boards. Partnering with KOLs in various clinical trials and other scientific activities. Identifying potential opportunities for site participation in clinical development programs. Supporting the success of clinical trials by involvement in recruitment strategies.As the successful Scientific Advisor your Qualifications will ideally include:Advanced university degree in life sciences (e. g. MD, PharmD, or PhD) required.Proven track record as a Medical Science Manager Medical Advisor or in a similar role.Oncology experience, having an existing network of HCP specialists (preferred) and knowledge of the National Healthcare System.Strong communication presentation skills.Experience of launch activities (preferred).Experience in translating scientific or clinical data into compelling messages to HCPs.A team player with strong interpersonal skills.Ability to work independently when needed.Willingness to travel up to 20%.Proficiency in German and English.BMS BioPharma Behaviors required. Passion: We pursue excellence to help patients prevail. I set high standards for myself and others to win for our patients I energize others I strive to learn something new every day I treat my patients, customers and colleagues with compassion, empathy and respect.Innovation: We embrace new ideas. I challenge the status quo I seek and share bold idea that help BMS win I pursue and understand diverse perspectives outside of BMS I encourage and have constructive debates I embrace change to drive innovative outcomes I rebound quickly and learn from my mistakes.Accountability: We own our outcomes and the outcomes of others. I own BMS? Success by holding myself and others accountable I share information in a transparent and honest way I celebrate my successes and the successes of others I coach and mentor others with good intent and purpose I am inclusive and bring out the best in others I understand what people do and the impact I have on them.Speed: We act with urgency and agility. I work with a sense of urgency I focus on whats important I consult with the right people to move quickly I seek efficient, effective solutions I quickly assess potential risks and rewards I break silos and eliminate unnecessary rules I make decisions with resolve and enable others to do the same.If you are interested in this position, please send your application via our Career Portal. In addition to facing a challenging rewarding position, you will become part of a dynamic and dedicated team working in an exciting innovative environment. We offer for this position a gross annual salary of minimum EUR 55, 000, depending on the professional qualification and experience a higher remuneration is possible. Moreover, BMS offers an attractive bonus system and social benefits to their employees. If you are willing to take on a position with responsibility, adding your experience, knowledge and your passion to BMS, we look forward to receiving your online application via our career portal.OnlineBewerben. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5059961, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, , BristolMyers Squibb GesmbH, kcdn. atcompany605438599logobristolmyerssquibbgesmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1200, Rivergate Gate 1 5. OG, Handelskai 92, sameAs: bms. at
Data Collection Research Specialist, Data Collection Research Specialist. Marketing. In order to strengthen our Global Brand Marketing Team we are looking for an experienced Data Collection Research Specialist (mf). In this role you are working on a quantitative global brand tracking study and are in charge of managing different aspects of data collection (fieldwork) for it, communicating negotiating with external sample providers and ensuring fieldwork is running smoothly and timings are met. In addition to this, you will be actively supporting the Research Managers in dayto day research project management, including communication with internal clients and handling research tools evolution. You will also communicate with marketing specialists from Red Bull HQ as well as from Red Bull offices all around the world.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull GmbH. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). Fieldwork and Data Collection ManagementProvide panel and sampling expertise to the rest of the team and assess sample feasibility. Communicating with panel providers andor market research agencies incl. price negotiation. Setting up the data collection process for each country of interest using standardized data collection instruments. Ensure that project specifications and timings are reviewed early in fieldwork and advise if revised feasibility andor pricing are necessary. Monitor quotas and sample, ensuring fieldwork quality meeting deadlines. Keep all relevant parties informed about the project status. Close cooperation with Scriptwriting Data processing specialists during complete life time of the questionnaire. You are responsible for the data delivery for further analysis.Research Project ManagementSupport the Research Managers in all activities around project management, including research setup, handling questionnaire changes, communication with internal clients about their information needs, analysing interpreting the results. Your experience includes:(proven performance in). Minimum of 2 years of experience as Field Work Manager Data Collection Panel management Operations specialist at a sample provider or market research agency. Profound experience setting up digital quantitative fieldwork (CAPI CAWI) as well as steering external panel providers, experience of managing tracking studies beneficial. Excellent knowledge of the principles of sampling and panel management. Thorough knowledge of Unicom Data Collection ConfirmIT any other data collection software. Strong project management and organizational skills. Excellent communication and team work skills, ability to multitask stressresistance. University degree (sociology marketing mathematics statistics). Fluent English, written and spoken. Last year we sold 6 billion cans. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, attn. Susanne Stadler Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See, redbull. atjobs Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1. 586 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5059966, Handel, , Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
Java Software Architects (mw) please read on. , Java Software Architects (mw) please read on. (Jn 40967) Place of work: Vienna or Leonding. You are a Java expert? You are an architect <em>? Are you a translator? You are a mentor <em>? ? Then you are exactly right here. Your future role. You work for our customer on exciting projects in the Java environment (JavaExpert) around the topics IoT, Big Data and Industry 4. 0 and take it already in the architectural phase an important role (<em> architect) ein.Du translates customer requirements (Translator ) in economic, creative solution concepts and pass them on to the developers. Of course, youre also involved in creating the first prototypes. During the development you are the first point of contact for the developers and ensure first-class code quality (<mentor>). Completed technical training. Several years of professional experience in software development with Java EE. Knowledge in UML modeling. Experience in an agile environment (SCRUM). Knowledge about Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery. Very good German and English. The special thing about this position. You can let off steam on pioneering projects in an exciting and modern environment. You can design your own solutions. You can share your knowledge with other developers. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2898 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 4000 and EUR 5000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, PiaValentina Sorko, BSc. (43 1 523 82 07241), piavalentina. Sorko @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Leonding, Upper Austria, AT, 5060159, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Java Guru (mw) Industry 4. 0, IoT, Big Data, Java Guru (mw) Industry 4. 0, IoT, Big Data. (Jn 40971) Place of work: Vienna or Leonding. Youre burning for topics around Industry 4.0, IoT and Big Data? You know how to spell (and ideally program) Java? You like to work with modern technologies? Then youre in the right place with our customer, one of Austrias leading digitization service partners. Your future role. You like to work agile? You develop creative, forward-looking software in an agile SCRUM team. Standstill was yesterday? You optimize the development methods and processes in an experienced and highly motivated development team. Discovering new things is exactly yours? You evaluate and implement new technologies. You offer. Completed technical education (university, FH, HTL). Experience in the development of Java applications with Java EE, Hibernate Spring. You know what SQL, NoSQL databases are. Know How in dealing with Eclipse, MavenGradle, GIT and / or Jenkins. Good knowledge of OOP and design patterns. Very good German and English. The special thing about this position. You can let off steam on future-oriented projects. You work in an exciting and modern environment. You will be integrated into a small and friendly team. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2898 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, PiaValentina Sorko, BSc. (43 1 523 82 07241), piavalentina. Sorko @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Leonding, Upper Austria, AT, 5060160, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Business Intelligence Specialist (mw), Bayer is a global player with core competencies in the life science and healthcare sectors. As an innovation company, Bayer is setting standards in research-intensive areas. With its products and services, Bayer wants to benefit people and contribute to improving their quality of life. Bayer values ​​the passion of its employees for innovation and gives them the power to change things.Business Intelligence Specialist (mw). To expand the existing IT team, we are looking for a data warehouse and software developer. Your tasks and responsibilities: Design and development of reporting dashboards based on MS Analysis Services and XL Cubed. Further development of the existing data warehouse (MS SQL MS Analysis) and the interfaces to internal and external data sources. Development of special applications such as WebApps (PHP, MySQL) and MS Office (AccessSQL, ExcelVBA). Evaluation of internal business requirements for new IT solutions together with the ITBusinessPartner. Training users and processing support requests for business intelligence solutions and specialty applications. What you bring: completed education (HTL or academic education in the IT environment). Several years of professional experience in the area of ​​data warehouse or development. good programming skills in SQL and VBA. Knowledge of Microsoft database systems (MS SQL, MS Analysis Services). Experience with business intelligence systems (eg XL Cubed, Tableau or similar). Experience with. Net, C # or other object-oriented programming languages. Experience with JavaScript, PHP, CSS and web applications on MS IIS. very good German and English skills. high customer and service orientation. goal-oriented, independent way of working. The gross annual salary for this function is from EUR 45. 000, (including special payments) depending on education, qualifications and work experience. In addition, the total package in addition to a premium still offers many social benefits.We are looking forward to your online application to Iventa Wien under. IVENTA. at, with indication of Ref. No. 56234KA and possibly Sperrvermerke.Hier advertise !. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5060797, Personaldienstleistung,, Iventa. The Human Management Group, kcdn. atcompany32631304852logoiventathehumanmanagementgroup. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1070, Seidengasse 911, sameAs: iventa. at
Information Security Administrator, ITG Informationstechnik Graz GmbH is the IT company of the City of Graz, the Holding Graz and all municipal investments. Our mission is to use the potential of digitalization through the strategic and efficient use of information and telecommunications technologies. In this way we achieve high costs, time and process efficiency in all organizational units of the House of Graz. With digital innovations (eg Big Data applications) and the underlying ICT infrastructure (xc2xb4Internet of Things), we are contributing to the further development of life and location quality for the citizens and the economy of the city of Graz within the meaning of the xc2xb4Smart City Graz. We reinforce our team with one thing. Informationssicherheitsadministratorin. Field of activityThe information security administrator helps to securely and stably manage the ITG ICT landscape and the information security services provided.These activities are based on the one hand on all information security related legislation, regulations and guidelines as well as standards and frameworks. These are in particular: the DSG (Data Protection Act), the EUDSGVO (EU Data Protection Basic Order), the NIS Directive (Cyber ​​Security Act), the Austrian Information Security Manual and the BSIG Circular Cover Catalog (Federal Office for Information Security) and the. ISOIEC27000.In addition, information security requires a good knowledge and an overview of the tools and platforms available on the market in order to maximize security while conserving resources as far as possible. On this basis, the range of activities ranges from answering the security issues arising in day-to-day business or processing existing IT security incidents and working on an ISMS and IT risk management system to operating a disaster recovery plan (DRP) to establishing and operating an identity and access management system Significant participation in an Information Security Incident Team up to the coordination and authorization of various security-related activities. Likewise essential contributions in the course of a possible certification of the ITG, as well as assistance with the assurance of the strategic as well as economic development of the availability, security and performance of the network or SecurityPlattform are demanded. Tasks. Contact person for security-relevant inquiries or security incidents during operation. Collaboration in a house Graz wide information security incident team to respond quickly and effectively. Assistance in setting up and updating the ISMS IT risk management system Crisam both in the ITG and, if necessary, support in the Graz ITRisikomanagement ;. Support in the implementation ITGinterner or House Graz further regulations (eg authorization management, archiving, data classification, etc.), which have strong links with information security and data protection; Contribute to the maintenance of ITGs Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP) to minimize or minimize the impact on customers in the event of a disaster; Support in the development of (information security) platforms to ensure the safest possible ICT operation and to make the IT landscape as lawful as possible; Participation in certification processes for the most resource-efficient implementation of standard-compliant operation ;. Participation in setting up and operating an Identity and Access Management (IAM) system. Coordination or release of different safety-related activities to avoid possible side effects on current operations. Support ITGintern as well as in Haus Graz in raising awareness about information security and data protection. Conducting and accompanying security audits ;. Collaboration in various security workgroups. Personal requirements. High team and cooperation skills. Structured handling of high complexity, analytical approach. Finding (short-term) problem-solving strategies; Risk awareness ;. Knowledge of the information security relevant legal matters, standards and frameworks as far as they influence the daily work. Estimating the impact of information security critical events ;. Willingness to implement the ITG internal and Haus Graz wide guidelines. Constructive, solution-oriented and results-oriented. Convincing and conflict-resolution; Self-responsible and initiative action ;. Holistic, strategic, future-oriented and resource-saving thinking. Business understanding; Ability to evaluate technology economically ;. Overview of the state of the art in information security-related topics. Dealing with common IT tools in the field of information security ;. Willingness to quickly become familiar with the specifics of the ITG infrastructure. Good knowledge of current technical safety protocols and standards. Discretion, integrity and loyalty ;. Safe appearance; High willingness to learn;. Customer-oriented thinking and acting ;. Good English knowledge;. Education and work experience. Higher technical education (HTL or FH) in IT and specialization in the field of information security ;. Several years of professional and in-house experience in this area of ​​advantage ;. Practical experience in dealing with IT risk management, disaster recovery plans, information security platforms and identity management is beneficial; Good knowledge of common operating system and database platforms as well as in the field of networks. We offer. Collaboration in an innovative and committed team. Flexible working hours (40h week). Monthly gross salary from 3. 232, 98 Euro (collective agreement for utilities in use group III), classification or overpayment depending on professional experience and qualification. ITG Informationstechnik Graz GmbH Att .: Ms Olivia Schuster Gadollaplatz 1, 8010 Graz Web: graz. At., 20180323T00 : 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5060863, Consulting,, ITG Informationstechnik Graz GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1082781475587logoitginformationstechnikgrazgmbh. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Gadollaplatz 1, sameAs: graz. at
Senior Developer Project Manager in the Manufacturing Software Division, The STIWA Group, with around 1,700 employees, is an experienced partner in product and high-performance automation. In addition to the business area of ​​high-performance automation, the product and software development for production automation, the supply of high-quality metal and plastic components, energy-efficient building technology and laboratory automation are among the core competencies of the group of companies. Senior Developer Project Manager. in the Manufacturing Software division for our Hagenberg site. STIWA produces specialized standard software for data handling in industrial series production. They focus on developing projects to expand our product portfolio. In this area, they independently determine the requirements of the product in consultation with the stakeholders, develop concepts for architectures, secure the feasibility with prototypes and put the features into production. Your tasks: Develop your own ideas to cover new product requirements. Creation of concepts including software architecture and software design. Coordination with internal and external stakeholders. Coordination of a max. 3-person project teams in the main project phases or architecture responsibility for software components. Your profile: In-depth technical education in computer science, software engineering or similar field (HTL, FH, UNI). Experience with requirement collection and the creation of software architecture and design. Several years of project experience with object-oriented programming in Java. Net. Experience in enterprise architectures and other high-level language technologies as well as database systems. Experience with Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Cassandra, etc.) is an advantage. Creativity and the ability to develop unconventional solutions. Communication and team skills, willingness to take responsibility. Our offer: Flexible working hours, training opportunities, corporate events. Collective agreement of the metal industry, travel allowance, employee discounts. Gross monthly fee from EUR 2. 487, 61 or EUR 3. 192, 58 on academic education. Willingness to overpay depending on specific work experience and qualifications. If you are committed to tackling tasks and would like to work in a team, then send your complete application (CV with photo, including work and training certificates) to: STIWA Holding GmbH Human Resources, Salzburger Straße 52, 4800 Attnang Puchheim Tel.: 43 7674 6030 Email: jobs @ STIWA. com stiwa. com. STIWA Holding GmbH Mrs. Daniela Kaml STIWA Holding GmbH Salzburger Strasse 52 4800 AttnangPuchheim Web: stiwa. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5061170, construction, real estate, building services, canteen, drinks, fruit, company doctor, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, accessibility, parking lot, good connection, education and training, employee events, flexible working hours, employee benefits , Transportation Grant, Employee Gifts, STIWA Group, kcdn. atcompany14755355611logostiwaholdinggmbh. companymid. gif, AttnangPuchheim, 4800, Salzburger Strasse 52, sameAs: stiwa. com
Senior Data Scientist BI Competence Center, The Post Office seeks.SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST BI COMPETENCE CENTER GROUP IT. Region: Wien, Employment: unlimited, Occupational Area: Information Technology. The KonzernIT of Österreichische Post AG offers IT solutions and services for several thousands of employees, ensures smooth IT operations and focuses on the permanent further development of the existing technology landscape. In the current expansion course, we currently have more than 350 employees and 25 executives in our team. The BI Competence Center is in a dynamic setup and is now looking for an expert for one of the most relevant topics of the group. Take advantage of this career opportunity! Location is our new innovative corporate headquarters in 1030 Vienna !. Your tasks. Development and consolidation of the Datascience KnowHow to implement Analytics and Predicitive Analytics approaches in the BI CC environment (SAP NonSAP). Establishment of the appropriate technology and development of know-how. Inclusion of requirements from the department as well as analysis and development of solution variants in continuous close coordination. Implementation of new requirements of Österreichische Post AG and its participations in Germany and abroad in the field of BI CC. Conception of analytical solutions Building of appropriate competence within the team. Conditions. Successfully completed studies in the following disciplines: mathematics, quantitative finance, statistics, physics, econometrics, computer science or meterology. Experience in the analysis of structured and unstructured data sets Selection of suitable statistical methods. Good knowledge of different programming languages ​​(Python, R, SQL, etc.) and database management (SQL Server, Mongo, Redis, etc.). Experience in dealing with statistics, data mining and big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive, No SQL, Spark). Ideally, know-how from technologies like Cloud Computing (Azure), Docker, Git, SparkScala. They are communicative, solution-oriented, reliable and, above all, enthusiastic. You have the ability to communicate complex ideas effectively and a service-oriented way of working is typical for you? High learning ability and willingness to meet creativity and innovative ability ?. Then we look forward to your application !. Your salary depends on your experience and qualifications, but at least EUR 55,600, plus target agreement (gross annual salary, allin). Apply. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5061178, Logistics, Transportation, Canteen, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Physician, Fitness Facilities, Good Connections, Education and Training, Educational Leave Out, Flexible Working Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Participation, Österreichische Post AG , kcdn. atcompany4985342840logosterreichischepostag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rochusplatz 1, sameAs: post. at
Junior Developer (wm) in the Manufacturing Software division, The STIWA Group, with around 1,700 employees, is an experienced partner in the area of ​​product and high-performance automation. In addition to the high-performance automation business, the product and software development for production automation, the supply of high-quality metal and plastic components, energy-efficient building technology and laboratory automation are among the core competencies of the company group. Junior Developer (wm). in the Manufacturing Software division for our Hagenberg site. STIWA produces specialized standard software for data handling in industrial series production. They focus on developing projects to expand our product portfolio. In this area you put the features into production. Your tasks: Cooperation in the concept development of new products and product features. Implementation of new products and product features. Implementation of automated tests (unit tests, unit tests, automated integration and system testing). Your profile: Completed technical education in computer science, software engineering or similar field (HTL, FH, UNI). Fun with object-oriented programming (Java, NET). Experience with JavaEnterprise architectures is an advantage. Experience with Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Cassandra, etc.) is an advantage. Structured way of working. Communication and team skills, willingness to take responsibility. Our offer: Flexible working hours, training opportunities, corporate events. Collective agreement of the metal industry, travel allowance, employee discounts. Gross monthly fee from EUR 2. 487, 61 or EUR 3. 192, 58 on academic education. Willingness to overpay depending on specific work experience and qualifications. If you are committed to tackling tasks and would like to work in a team, then send your complete application (CV with photo, including work and training certificates) to: STIWA Holding GmbH Human Resources, Salzburger Straße 52, 4800 Attnang Puchheim Tel.: 43 7674 6030 Email: jobs @ STIWA. com stiwa. com. STIWA Holding GmbH Mrs. Daniela Kaml STIWA Holding GmbH Salzburger Strasse 52 4800 AttnangPuchheim Web: stiwa. com. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5061220, construction, real estate, building technology, canteen, drinks, fruit, company doctor, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, accessibility, parking lot, good connection, education and training, employee events, flexible working hours, employee benefits , Transportation Grant, Employee Gifts, STIWA Group, kcdn. atcompany14755355611logostiwaholdinggmbh. companymid. gif, AttnangPuchheim, 4800, Salzburger Strasse 52, sameAs: stiwa. com
Quantitative AnalystStatist (mw), Quantitative AnalystStatist (mw). 42. cx pursues the goal of predicting future events with the highest possible accuracy by analyzing large amounts of data. The main focus is the forecasting of financial market movements and the development of practicable trading algorithms. Due to the strong growth, we are now strengthening our TradingTeam and are looking for a person to participate in the following tasks: BigData analysis and management. Conducting simulations and backtesting in R. Designing, researching and developing trading strategies for the fully automated trading of financial market products. Optimization of existing trading strategies. Your qualifications ideally include: BScMScPhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Quantitative Finance, Econometrics or similar programs. Quantitative, technical and analytical skills. Ability to work with large amounts of data. Excellent knowledge of R. German and EnglishKnowledge. We offer: A varied range of tasks and collegial environment. The opportunity to play a key role in one of the largest Artificial Intelligence Trading Funds. Great flexibility in terms of working hours and place of work (If desired, 2 weeks per month HomeOffice possible). The collectively agreed gross salary is EUR 2. 339. Depending on training and experience, a significant overpayment is possible. If you are interested, send your application including curriculum vitae by email to Dr. Ing. David Striegl, david @ 42. cx. 42nd cx Center of Excellence for Artificial Intelligence Web: 42. cx. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5061258, Banking, Finance, Insurance,, 42. cx Center of Excellence for Artificial Intelligence, kcdn. atcompany114616326882742logo. companymid. png, Linz, 4020, industrial line 35, sameAs:
Java Backend Developer If you love technology, Mobfox is a strong player in so-called  Programmatic Mobile Advertising  with 20,000 publishers making 1 billion ad requests to Mobfox every hour. This makes Mobfox the largest Mobile SSP * in Europe and the fifth largest in the world. With our innovative elegant solutions and state-of-the-art technologies, we have grown from a 1-man company into a strong company with a worldwide presence. We are very proud of that and also that we still have a startup spirit:) We are growing in Vienna and are therefore looking for a java backend developer. vert. x, Aerospike, RxJava full time. You will join a team of talented and motivated developers who care about the heart of Mobfox, our so-called  Money Making Machine . This is the business logic that earns money for us every second. This service finds the best mobile ad in less than 300 milliseconds which will lead to the best result for our publishers (App Developer customers). Youre part of our Daily Standups, Sprint Plannings, and Team Meetings to make sure your ideas are heard the same way as other team members. Of course, your main activity is to develop new backend features for this platform and to be successful with the team, so you can always say  you are proud  of your work. What we offer: Working in an international environment with a young and dynamic ATeam. Room for personal development, own ideas and growth. Great team, nice office, enough coffee, fruits and regular team activities (see photos on career. Atfmobfox). Your mission: Make your contribution to promote Mobfox SSP * # 1 on the market by not only supplying clean and good code, but also bringing in your own ideas. Features that work stably even under heavy load (1 billion HTTP requests per hour) (the team will show you how). Optimize and get our Mobfox SSP together with the team and bring in your ideas. Plan and develop features together with the product owner and your team. Your skills: Solid Java knowledge, ideally vert. X and RxJava. Solid knowledge of ObjectOriented Functional Programming and Dependency Injection. Good database and data modeling skills (NoSQL: eg Aerospike, Hive and SQL: eg MySQL, MemSQL). Handson experience with UnitTesting (eg JUnit, Mockito). Good Linux knowhow. Good understanding of how HTTP, TCP and networking work. Very good English language skills (operating language). Systematic thinking and quick comprehension. Team player !. We offer a monthly salary starting at EUR 3,700 gross, but are willing to offer more, depending on your qualifications. Lets talk:). Do you want to work for a company that still works as a startup in the heart and in the processes, appreciates team spirit and team culture and works with the latest technologies? Then apply to us and send your CV to Anna Sonnleitner today. * SSP stands for  Supply Side Platform . It is a so-called  Exchange  that holds an  auction  with many partners all at once to find the best Mobile Ad in less than 300 milliseconds so that our  publishers  can earn money to keep their apps alive.Matomy MF GmbH Schwindgasse 5 21 1040 Vienna Web: mobfox. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5061279, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employees Notebook, Sponsor Mentor Program, Parking Lot, Good Connections, Employee Events, FunCorner, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Employee gifts, mobfox, kcdn. atcompany844713057935mobfox. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Schwindgasse 5 TOP 1, sameAs: mobfox. com
Application Architect (mw), 10635. 38. Innovative. Reliable. Human. Since 1979 we support our customers in Austria in their innovative projects. With the in-depth and broad know-how of our consultants, we are at the forefront of technology service providers in Europe. For our well-known customer in southern Vienna, we are looking for one now. Application Architect (mw). Your tasks: Responsible for the implementation of innovative IT applications. Design of modern IT applications in the cloud, data science and IoT environment. Requirement engineering. Create data models, architectures and solution concepts. Cooperation in the creation of prototypes. Coaching the developer (CICD, code quality). Acquisition of presales activities as well as development as a subject matter expert and assumption of overarching architecture topics (if interested). Your qualifications: Completed technical education with a focus on software development or equivalent professional experience. Professional experience in Java development as well as experience in data modeling (UML, Java) and databases. Good knowledge in agile software development (SCRUM). Practical experience and understanding of architecture and application of business applications (ECM, ERP, BPMN, etc.) and modern applications. Experience and / or interest in one of these topics: Cloud, Data Science or IoT advantageous. Very good German and English spoken and written. Responsible and dedicated personality that keeps track of stressful situations. Analytical-conceptual skills as well as solution-oriented work. Our offer: Balanced WorkLife Balance. Long-term career planning. Excellent individual development opportunities at the IVM campus. Interesting and challenging job in an internationally successful company. Sympathetic and competent team. Active participation with plenty of scope for initiative in a highly qualified, family-friendly team. Benefits such as modern workplace infrastructure, food subsidies, subway proximity, profit sharing, shopping discounts and similar. v. m. Admission: from now on, full-time employment in a permanent employment relationship. Take on the challenge and shape a future together !. For your application, please use the link to our online application or send your documents to: welcome @ ivm. at.IVM Technical Consultants Vienna Ges. m. b. H. Schönbrunner Allee 15 2331 Vienna Vösendorf.For this position, a monthly gross salary of EUR 3,600 applies, bidding is a market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and experience. Online application. Your contact: Mr. Dipl. Ing. Christian Wurm is available to answer your questions! Tel.: 43 (1) 698888038., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Southern Vienna, 5061526, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Mental Health, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Parking, Good Connections, Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible Working Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grants, Employee Benefits, IVM Technical Consultants, kcdn. atcompany1740296460logoivmtechnicalconsultants. companymid. jpg, Vienna Vösendorf, 2331, Schönbrunner Allee 15, sameAs: ivm. at
Consultant (mw) for information security, data protection and IT controlling, Hillside data protection GmbH is a rapidly growing IT consulting company with clearly defined and exceptional products in the information security and data protection segments. To strengthen our team, we are looking for a (n). Consultant (mw) for information security, data protection and IT controlling. We give you the opportunity to actively support us in consulting projects and in this case to apply your knowledge and skills in practice and thus to improve continuously. Your tasks include: Working with predefined products in the areas of information security and data protection (DSGVO). Conducting workshops later self-employed at the customers site as a team.Active development of individual solutions for different projects.Resulting presentations at the customer.Processing of process structures.Creation of different documents (process documentation, guidelines) .Working with product development.You bring: Training and professional experience in an economic or technical environment.Experience in the field of information technology, information security and the desire to work in the IT environment.Occasionally knowledge in the field of data protection, ITIL, ISO27000 series.Self-employed, accurate and structured operation.Solution Oriented working in a team. Good MS Office knowledge. Willingness to travel within Austria and its neighboring states. Drivers license of the class B. We offer: Cooperation in interesting consulting projects in the area of ​​strategic and operative IT management, as well as in the fields of information security and data protection. Long-term perspectives in one Workplace partly in the HomeOffice possible. Tailored training program. Intra-company career opportunities. Minimum gross pay for 40 weeks in the induction phase is EUR 2. 032, 79 per month. After the induction phase, the gross pay will be adjusted accordingly Field of application and performance adjusted accordingly. Please send your meaningful application to Mrs. Karoline Rossmann. karoline. rossmann @ hillside. at We look forward to meeting you. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5061692, Internet, IT, Telecom, Hillside data protection GmbH, KlagenfurtViktring, 9073, AdiDasslerGasse 21, sameAs:
Content Data Analyst (mw), Content Data Analyst (mw). Apply now. Companies. LexisNexis is a leading provider of intelligent legal information in the tax, legal and business sectors. We provide solutions and services that make our clients work faster, easier and more productive. Our success is based on first-class content that finds application in innovative print and online products as well as mobile applications. LexisNexis Austria is part of the international RELX media group and therefore firmly established both in the world and in the Austrian market. We are looking for a dedicated partner. Content Data Analyst (mw) for quality assurance part-time (25 h) until 31. 12. 2018. Tasks. Quality assurance of the content (representation and structure) of a new research platform for clients in the fields of tax, law and economics. Digital production of content (online) in compliance with internal and external guidelines. Tracking and documentation of errors. Corrections in XML files. Requirements. Good knowledge of XMLHTML. HTL with a focus on IT, media or similar and / or fields of study Information Technology and Management, Media and Digital Technologies, IT Informatics. Very good German and English. Teamplayer with pleasure in structured and accurate work. Good visual imagination and feeling for structured data. Others. Our range. A varied activity in an innovation-oriented company. A personal and appreciative working atmosphere in a medium-sized company. Flexible working hours, attractive benefits incentives. Workplace in a central location with excellent transport links. Gross monthly salary for 25 hours per week EUR 1. 050 (according to xc2xa79 (2) Equal Treatment Act). Please send your detailed application documents under the reference number 201801028 to bewerbung @ pmc. at PMC International GmbH, Währinger Strasse 16, 1090 Vienna, Austria. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, PARTTIME, Austria, Austria, AT, 5061873, Personnel services, Good connection, Flexible working hours, Home Office, PMC International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany15920376066logopmcinternationalgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, Währingerstrasse 16, sameAs: pmc. at
Lead Low Voltage Assembly and Industrialization, Our EMEA Power Distribution Division (PDD) Schrems Plant has an opening for:Lead Low Voltage Assembly and Industrialization. Location: Schrems, AustriaPrimary function:Manages the assembly of low voltage systems, by achieving customer satisfaction, profitability, on time performance and quality on an international level. Coordinates and executes the industrialization for LV assemblies systems, in line with defined business strategies and objectives as defined by Global Product line strategies. Coordinates with various functional areas (Sales, Quality, Supply Chain Management, Center Of Excellence, Manufacturing, OPEX) to assure that production and industrialization goals are met. Essential functions:Leads and motivates the team in the department to achieve customer satisfaction, profitability, on time performance and quality by having safety as the highest priority.Establish metrics for performance evaluation. Setup and continuously improve the Low Voltage systems assembly line, considering standardized processes in engineering, material management, assembly and testing, but also implement flexible works solution to handle customer specific demand.Consider warehouses, Late point definition centres and sheet metal production plants in the production process setup in order to achieve highest efficiency, profitability and flexibility.Collaborate with other systems productions sites in the network in order to leverage capacity demand, capabilities, flexibility and profitability, but also to share best practices and improve systems production knowledgeefficiency.Collaborate with other Eaton project engineering departments to ensure a maximum of flexibility and load balancing across the EMEA sites.Develop people with focus on building organizational capability and flexible workforce (BOC). Capacity planning in relation to customers demand with significant seasonal fluctuations.Perform changes, evaluate documents for production and check technical documentation issued by project engineering.Lead the implementation of new product designs into the manufacturing environment, including setting up supply base, quality, ERP articles, manufacturing documentation, tooling, training and ordering process for any new or significantly changed LV and MV Assemblies.Work with Program Managers, engineering managers, operations teams to insure timely and consistent operations startup of new product offerings.Improve EATON Safety Culture, the EATON Continuous Improvement Culture, the EATON Quality Culture and deploy EBS tools throughout the team. Qualifications. Deep knowledge about industrial manufacturing processes in general and particular in project business. Deep knowledge about low voltage assemblies, power management, switchgears. Deep knowledge about EN 61439 and EN 8001, knowledge of current standards of power distribution systems and the solutions from the past, knowledge about different BUS systems. Knowledge of switchgears and distribution solutions. Gathering improvements in collaboration with CI organization. Lean Management in production. Experience in a matrix organization environment and ProjectProgram Management Methodologies. Experience of supplier set up and negotiations. Lean manufacturing and Just in Time principles, Six Sigma. Budget and CAPEX development and control. Knowledge of ERP systems. German native speaker, fluent in English language. This job could be for you if:You are able to work under pressure. You are capable to handle high volume of work. You have a proven track record in Management of Change (MOC in products, economic, xe2x80xa6), can act in a quick and flexible manner. You can implement new processes and organizational structures within department. You have five years experience in comparable business environment. You possess proven leadership skills. Depending on the qualification, we offer a compensation according to the Austrian collective bargaining agreement of the electrical and electronics industry in the respective employment group taking into account the years of service in the respective employment group, willingness to overpay depending on the relevant professional experience and qualification. What Eaton offers:Competitive compensation and benefits package.Excellent working environment safety and ethics are really important for us. Culture Values Eaton is more than the products we invent and produce the way we do business is just as important. At Eaton, our values and culture define who we are both individually and as an organization and direct our activities every day. Inclusion Diversity Openness to diversity widens our access to the best talent. Inclusion allows us to engage that talent fully. About Eaton:Eaton is a power management company with 2016 sales of $19. 7 billion. Eaton provides energyefficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 95, 000 employees and sells products to customers in more than 175 countries. For more information, visit eaton. com We make what matters work. Everywhere you lookfrom the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every dayyoull find one thing in common. It all relies on power. Thats why Eaton is dedicated to improving peoples lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We e ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we e committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Schrems, Niederösterreich, AT, 5062014, Industrie, Produktion, , Eaton Corporation, kcdn. atcompany50654364061logoeatoncorporation. companymid. gif, Morges, 1110, Route de la Longeraie 7, sameAs: eaton. com
Data Scientist (mw), Data Scientist (mw). CTO IT Enterprise Analytics. As a Data Scientist, you are our expert in data and data analysis. In this position, you will use sophisticated methods of data analysis, data mining and analytics to help you identify new business opportunities and find innovative solutions. You have good programming skills, excellent statistics know-how, machine learning experience, data visualization and data mining skills a simple approach to complex data? Then we look forward to receiving your application. Tasks: Analysis and processing of comprehensive, complex, structured and unstructured data sets using algorithms to derive business-relevant findings (eg machine learning, predictive analytics, statistical modeling, data mining). Consolidation of data from different sources. Technical PreSales activities. Build and develop strategies to analyze our existing data. Responsible for the complete process of data preparation up to the interpretation and presentation of the results. Transformation of technical, analytical and technical knowledge to derive specific instructions and recommendations. Interface function to other departments such as IT, marketing, CRM, etc.Requirement profile: Completed degree or adequate higher education in computer science, natural sciences (eg mathematics, statistics) or economics. Experience in xe2x80x9eR . Experience with big data infrastructures and corresponding tools (eg Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, SQL, NoSQL) is an advantage. Well-versed handling of relational and multidimensional databases as well as data mining products (eg SPSS, SAS, Python). Know how in data analysis, data protection and IT security as well as business intelligence. Excellent analytical skills as well as a structured, solution-oriented and independent way of working. Very good knowledge of English. According to the collective agreement for telecom companies, the gross annual salary will be at least EUR 40,000. We will agree on your classification and salary based on your professional and personal competence. In addition, we offer you a demanding area of ​​responsibility in an exciting, constantly evolving industry and additional services of a modern one Company such as in-house canteen, a company mobile phone from our 3Portfolio, attractive staff events and much more. Apply here. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5062119, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Hutchison Drei Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3900505171logohutchisondreiaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Brünner Strasse 52, sameAs: three. atportaldebottomnaviueberdreikarriere
Development Engineer for IIoT Software, Development Engineer for IIoT Software. Place of employment: Schwertberg. Our world is the plastic material of the future. We are the world leader in injection molding machine manufacturing and automation. The equipment that leaves our factories manufactures the plastic parts you know from your car, use as packaging every day, and come across in toothbrushes, smartphones, toys, and more. Starting with ENGEL will make you part of a successful global team. We count on your commitment, your technical know-how, your friendliness, your flexibility and the willingness to take responsibility in order to jointly lead the ENGEL brand into a successful future !. Your tasks. They promote the development of IIoT (industrial Internet of Things) solutions for injection molding machines and robots and bring in new ideas. Building a Docker infrastructure and automatically distributing Docker containers to the IIoT devices is one of your responsibilities Collection of requirements, development and implementation of concepts and solutions, support of cooperations with our supplier partners, up to the development of the finished product. They verify their concepts on prototypes and on KundenmaschinenRoboter.Sie take over the team responsibility for the project and take care of the new product through to the series rollout. You will observe the latest scientific developments and maintain the exchange of relevant scientific community. Our requirements. We address applicants with a training in computer science, mechatronics or physics at university college level. We are happy to offer career starters a chance !. You have a deep understanding of architecture and software design patterns and excellent knowledge of Java and Spring, as well as unit testing. You are familiar with MavenGradle and Git, or you can quickly learn these tools. Knowledge of Kafka and Apache Spark is of advantage.Base knowledge of Docker virtualization solutions as well as orchestration tools (eg Ansible, Kubernetes) are an advantage.With your creative will, your understanding of feasibility and your enthusiasm, translate your results directly into products for our customers.Personally convincing Us through your teamwork, dedication and problem-solving skills.What we offer. The opportunity to bring your developments to market worldwide. Freedom of design from the first day and associated high learning and development opportunities. Working with modern tools and methods (Agile Development, Simultanious engineeringxe2x80xa6). Participation in conferences, training opportunities etc. Of course, your salary is based on your qualifications and experience, and we determine this together with you, and we also offer attractive ENGEL benefits (canteen, crèche, employee discounts, etc.). We are legally obligated to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary (KV Maschinen und Metallwarenindustrie) amounts to EUR 2. 785, 54 gross per month. Have we piqued your interest? Then apply online today., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Schwertberg, Upper Austria, AT, 5068743, Mechanical Engineering, Plant Engineering,, ENGEL AUSTRIA GmbH, kcdn. atcompany11531082407logoengelaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Schwertberg, 4311, LudwigEngelStraße 1, sameAs: angelglobal. com
Junior Partner and Project Manager (mw), We are a young, growing company in the IT health field and are looking for a highly motivated colleague with a highly motivated colleague to strengthen our partner and project management team (38.5 hours per week) .Junior Partner and Project Manager (mw). Your tasks: You are working on the first Austrian BlockchainStartup in health care, which is nearing its ICO (Initial Coin Offering). You play an active role in the acquisition and support of new Grapevine partner organizations. You are developing interesting and challenging projects with international technology companies in Healthcare IT and Big Data Analytics. You assist in the follow-up implementation of FollowUp measures. You support and contribute to strategic projects in the development of an innovative blockchain initiative. Your profile: We primarily address young and experienced talents with a degree, preferably in the areas of business administration, marketing or business informatics. You bring first experience in the IT environment and in cooperation with international customers and / or partners. You are passionate about current technical trends and health issues. You convince by a strong communication skills and persuasiveness. You work independently with a lot of self-initiative, like to contribute new ideas and have project management skills. Excellent German and very good English skills complete your profile. You can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement, which results from your individual qualification and position relevant professional experience according to the rating (from EUR 1. 860, gross). We look forward to receiving your application.Grapevine World GmbH Hr. Prick Web: grapevineworld. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, 1220 Vienna, 5069551, Consulting,, Grapevine World GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1139173210932grapevinetypergbred. companymid. jpg, Bisamberg, 2102, Fasangasse 12, sameAs: grapevineworld. com
Data Scientist, Data Scientist. Place of employment: Schwertberg. Our world is the plastic material of the future. We are the world leader in injection molding machine manufacturing and automation. The equipment that leaves our factories manufactures the plastic parts you know from your car, use as packaging every day, and come across in toothbrushes, smartphones, toys, and more. Starting with ENGEL will make you part of a successful global team. We count on your commitment, your technical know-how, your friendliness, your flexibility and the willingness to take responsibility in order to jointly lead the ENGEL brand into a successful future !. Your tasks. As part of ENGELs DataTeam, you are actively responsible for the implementation and further development of the data strategy. As a data scientist you develop models, algorithms and analyzes and work together with the product development on the implementation of new, data-driven products for the development and our customers. They drive the development of semantic modeling of the injection molding machine and robots. You are the contact person in development for the evaluation of online machine data and support the various departments in data interpretation. Your tasks range from the hypothesis, development and implementation of concepts and solutions, support the cooperation with our suppliers partners, to the production-ready code for automatic machine and robot diagnosis. They verify their concepts to prototypes and KundenmaschinenRoboter.Wie use Big Data Tools (eg Apache Spark, Kafka, etc.). They observe the latest scientific developments and maintain the exchange of relevant scientific community. Our requirements. We turn to applicants with a completed academic education in physics, mechatronics or computer science. We are happy to offer career starters a chance !. You are proficient in one or more programming languages ​​(eg PythonJavaR) to implement your ideas. You are well versed in data modeling and have experience in modeling complex ETL processes. HCL, SVMs PCA are not just shortcuts for you and you know how to use these methods and tools for the application and implementation of artificial intelligence you are familiar. With your creative will, your understanding of feasibility and your enthusiasm translate your results directly into products for our customers. Personally convince us through your teamwork, dedication and problem-solving skills. What we Offer. The opportunity to bring your developments to market worldwide. Freedom of design from the first day and associated high learning and development opportunities. Of course, your salary is based on your qualifications and experience and we determine this together with you, and we also offer attractive ENGEL benefits (canteen, crèche, employee discounts, etc.). We are legally obligated to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary (KV Maschinen und Metallwarenindustrie) amounts to EUR 2. 785, 54 gross per month. Have we piqued your interest? Then apply online today., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Schwertberg, Upper Austria, AT, 5069560, Mechanical Engineering, Plant Engineering,, ENGEL AUSTRIA GmbH, kcdn. atcompany11531082407logoengelaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Schwertberg, 4311, LudwigEngelStraße 1, sameAs: angelglobal. com
Senior IT Business Consultant SAP BIBW (fm), Interested in joining our team? If so, take the opportunity to apply to one of the worlds bestknown brands as. SENIOR IT BUSINESS CONSULTANT SAP BIBW (FM). Location: Wattens Reference: 963023tl. WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT An exciting challenge in an international team located in Wattens, Tyrol (Austria). In this role, you will be responsible for our global Data Warehouse solution based on SAPBW and SAP BO. Your tasks include, but are not limited to:Maintain, further develop and ensure proper operation of the existing BI Landscape (SAP BW 7. 5, SAP BW4HANA, SAP BO). Evaluate, implement, monitor and support changes and improvements in the system. Consult and support our internal clients and business departments. Take over the lead in crossorganizational and interdisciplinary projects or subprojects. Continuously work on the improvement of internal processes. Analyze new or amended business requirements and assess how to integrate them in the IT system. Solution focused working on complex and interesting challenges in the area of BI. Improve cooperation with IT colleagues, Process Management and key users. Express innovative ideas and solutionsanalysis of potentials in the environment of BI (system, contents, developments) to satisfy consumercustomer needs. WHAT WE EXPECT You are a highly motivated and solutionoriented team player with strong experience and interest in IT solutions.Furthermore, you will bring:An academical degree (University, Applied Science (FH)) in a technical, economic or a natural scientific discipline. At least 8 years of experience in the implementation, operations andor maintenance of Data Warehouse solutions (SAP BWBO). Excellent understanding of business requirements and processes and the ability to translate them into IT solutions. 3 years of experience as a project manager. Willingness to travel within Central Europe. Experience with BW4HANA, HANA DB, SAP BIIP, SAP FIORI is an advantage. Fluent English skills, German is a plus. WHAT WE OFFER A modern and architecturally attractive workplace in Wattens, Tyrol located in one of the bestknown holiday regions in Austria close to Innsbruck. One of the most beautiful old towns in Tyrol is just a few minutes away.Our attractive salary packages include a number of benefits such as a company restaurant and various sports. Due to legal reasons, we advise that the collectively agreed base annual salary for this position is at least EUR 38. 585, 82 gross. Our actual salaries are market competitive, and take individual qualifications and experience into consideration.Does this sound like you? If so, we look forward to receiving your online application.Apply now. SWAROVSKI STANDS FOR SPARKLE. SWAROVSKI STANDS FOR SPIRIT. SWAROVSKI STANDS FOR SUCCESS.Swarovski adds sparkle to peoples everyday lives both as the leading brand of cut crystal, and as the partner of visionaries. Become part of a tale of tradition and success that stretches back to 1895, and at the same time begin writing your own!. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wattens, Tirol, AT, 5070183, Industrie, Produktion, , D. Swarovski KG, kcdn. atcompany5710352844logodswarovskico. companymid. gif, Wattens, 6112, Swarovskistraße 30, sameAs: careers. swarovski. comat
IT Talent (mw) wanted for ERP Support and Data Management !, IT Talent (mw) for ERP Support and Data Management wanted !. (Jn 40996) Place of work: Graz. Are you interested in the interaction between different IT systems? ERP as a central instrument? We are looking for someone who would like to tackle this topic for an internationally operating company from Graz. Our customer has built up a Europe-wide dealer network and is therefore represented in both in-store and online retail. This results in large amounts of data every day that are processed in the internal ERP system and exchanged with business partners across company and national borders. The management of this data flow and the support of the own ERPSystem are central tasks of the ITTeam, which is currently looking for reinforcement !. Your future role. Two exciting tasks await you: ERPSupport. Contact for internal departments around the ERP system. Coordination and cooperation with the external ERP provider. ? Data management. Ensuring proper data exchange. Establishment and maintenance of interfaces to partner companies. Error analysis and rectification. They offer. Completed IT training (LAP, HTL or similar). Experience in the IT area eg with ERP systems, IT support, network technology, system integration, IT administration or the like for business processes. Enthusiasm for everything about data exchange. Independent way of working. Good German and English skills. The special thing about this position. In this position, you have the opportunity to acquire a broad knowledge in the company and to further develop this in the context of exciting projects. The company not only emphasizes product quality, but also sustainability and innovation. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2100 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 2100 and EUR 3000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Lena Gsöls (43 316 22 56 46188), lena. gsoels @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5071465, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
IT Project Assistant with focus on Data Analysis As a Data Scientist (mw), bridge the gap between IT and business !, IT Project Assistant with focus on Data Analysis As Data Scientist (mw), bridge the gap between IT and business !. (Jn 41014) Place of work: Linz. Our client is a globally successful software company that has made a name for itself with top products and services among its international customers. Your future role. In your capacity as an IT Project Assistant, you support the Vice President Business Operations in strategic business decisions. You bring in your IT know-how or entrepreneurial understanding and take over u. a. following tasks: Data evaluation including appealing visualization (Power Point) as well as cost estimates. Cluster analysis of large data sets. Presentation of strategic scenarios (keyword: KPI) and drafting of plausible arguments for future corporate alignment. They offer. Completed economic and / or technical training (eg. Wirtschaftsinformatik, statistics, o. Ä.). First job experience required in a comparable position. Excellent knowledge of English due to international projects (about 20% willingness to travel). Interest in working with large amounts of data as well as economic understanding. The special thing about this position. Varied and exciting job profile in an international environment. Collaboration in a highly motivated team. Professional environment in which the fun at work is not neglected. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 4800 gross month depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Jennifer Plutsch (43 732 61 12 21163), jennifer. plutsch @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5078438, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Big Data Infrastructure Engineer (mw), Big Data Infrastructure Engineer (mw) Vienna. A great IT company is looking for reinforcement !. As a Big Data Engineer, you are responsible for the technical implementation and further development of the big data infrastructure. They are collaborating with data scientists analyzing big data. The job is new as the company expands. We guarantee a motivated team and exciting internal projects in one of the largest platforms in Austria. Sounds interesting? To read on: Your Mission: You bring your experience to existing and new product development processes. As part of the xe2x80x9eDataMission  team you work on the data strategy and architecture. You develop the technical foundation for innovative data driven product features. You enjoy continuous Improvements and ensure the stable, secure and functional operation of the big data platform. Your profile: You have a lot of passion for working with state-of-the-art big data technologies as well as in-depth knowledge in database technologies (SQL and NoSQL). Experience in the design and operation of BigData infrastructures with tools such as Cassandra, Spark, Mesos andor Kafka distinguishes you. You can implement such systems fail-safe and solve incidents independently and perform performance optimizations. They master one or more programming languages ​​(eg Java, Scala) and already have concrete solutions They take responsibility for their own tasks, keep an eye on the goals and are a team player. The offer: The best of both worlds: cool StartUp culture with flat hierarchies and job guarantee of a group. Dynamic, innovative and successful company in a growth-oriented industry. Young and highly motivated team responsible for the great success of the company. Open togetherness. Latest technologies. Great opportunities for further development. Fun at work, team activities, company breakfast, lots of fruit, great atmosphere. Fitness promotion. Supercreative offices to feel good. The collective agreement minimum salary for this position is EUR 3,300, gross monthly. Depending on your professional experience, you can look forward to a higher salary and an annual bonus. We look forward to receiving your comprehensive application documents. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Ms Anna Maria Huemer by phone on 43 (0) 1 524 55 01 37. randstad. Randstad Austria GmbH, Neubaugasse 431, 1070 Vienna, randstad at., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5078448, Personnel Services,, Randstad Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany50818501022logorandstadpersonalberatung.companymid , 1070, Neubaugasse 43112, sameAs: personalberatung
Presales Consultant (fm) Networks, Presales Consultant (fm) Networks. Air Traffic Management civil grade networks. As a leading communication and information solution provider, we operate in mission criticalsafety environments around the world. Our worlwide Air Traffic Control customers are challenged by the new IT and network technologies in their day to day safetycritical operations. Facing new technologies like VoIP, SDN, NFV and big data we are searching for a Presales Consultant (fm) to offer failsafe network solutions not available from conventional networks. More information can be found here: youtu. beLj8n187cnAA. Your tasks. owning the technical solution customized to the particular customer environment and needs based on the Frequentis ATMgrade network blueprint. driving the design and delivering high quality proposal documents, costing for your proposal, and compliance statements from the technical point of view. meetings with customers (together with sales), identify the customers needs and pains, present the solution to the customer and executive team. coordination with sales, account management, bid management, delivery, product management and development teams. Your profile. Bachelor or Masters degree in network, telecommunications or computer science. minimum of 3 years experience in a similar role. expertise in IP routing and switching, VoIP, SDN, NFV and network equipment. outgoing person with sound English communication skills. clear communication skills, strong technical background and a customerbusiness focused attitude. enjoy being the one representing Frequentis technical solution competence. What we offer. the opportunity to actively develop and implement your own ideas. exciting projects in the unique Air Traffic Control environment. the opportunity to work with a wide range of network technologies. international environment and travel. wide range of training courses with internal and external trainers. an appreciative company culture, where you as a person count. We are offering an annual gross salary from EUR 46. 000, 00 depending on your qualification and working experience as well as numerous benefits. Together for a safer world become part of Frequentis and apply online now!. Job Details. Location: Wien Date hired: From now on Willingness to Travel: 20% Employment Fraction: Fulltime Contract Type: Employee. Kontakt. Lisa Maria Vesztergom. 43 (1) 81150 1325. TIPS FOR APPLICATION. Apply Online!. frequentis. comcareer. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5079136, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Mitarbeitergeschenke, FREQUENTIS AG, kcdn. atcompany13112093525logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Innovationsstraße 1, sameAs: frequentis. com
Software Developer, Moving Big Together. Apply now. Software Developer. Location Linz, from now on. Do you want to transform your ideas into beneficial and meaningful technologies? Whether its Mobility Solutions, Consumer Goods, Industrial Technology or Energy and Building Technology, youll improve the quality of life for people around the world. Welcome to Bosch. At our location in Linz, we develop innovative powertrain products for our international customers. To strengthen our team in Linz, we are looking for an interested and dedicated SoftwareDeveloplerin.With this tender, we turn to ladies and gentlemen.Your contribution to large. Take responsibility: Development of reliable automated test systems for product development, applications and web interfaces, definition of SW architecture. Living cooperation: close cooperation with end users, internal and external development partners. Implementation in a holistic way: They accompany the development of data engineering (Hadoop, NoSQL, SQL) up to the application of the applications. What sets you apart Personality: They are communicative, structured and characterized by a flexible and precise working style. Experience and knowhow: C #, Javascript, optional: Python, Java; Database knowhow (eg Oracle, MongoDB). Education: completed master-level education (FHTU, computer science or SWEngineering), good German and English skills. Your future job offers you. Flexible working time models, mentor program for successful training, various service and social benefits as well as employee discounts and attractive further education offers. Gross salary depending on training and professional experience from 42 000, 00 EUR p. a. (38, 5 h week, collective agreement metalworking industry). Interest aroused? Your contact for inquiries. MMag Marlene Braun (Yours. Application @ at. Bosch. Com). , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5081409, electronics, automation, canteen, meal allowance, snacks, health measures, company doctor, mental health, fitness offer, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, accessibility, mentor program, good connection, Education and training, employee events, educational leave, flexible working hours, home office, employee benefits, supplementary insurance, Bosch Group Austria, kcdn. atcompany2441363567logorobertboschag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Göllnergasse 1517, sameAs: bosch. at
Senior Software Developer, Senior Software Developer. Full time 38, 5 hours a week. For the expansion of our agile teams, we are looking for a competent and motivated software professional for use in our customer projects. With passion and solution orientation you lead our software projects to success. What tasks do you expect ?. Demanding project tasks from conception to implementation. Agile software development in team with state-of-the-art technologies based on C # or Java. What are you bringing with you?. University degree or Fachhochschulabschluss in computer science, business informatics, software engineering or comparable studies. Very good knowledge of Java, Net or Web technologies. Preference is given to practical experience in JavaC # projects and in dealing with relational databases (eg Oracle, PostgreSQL). Understanding of multi-layered software systems. Knowledge of Spring Framework, REST, Hibernate or similar is an advantage. Communicative and solution-oriented personality. Independent work and teamwork. Practical project experience of 23 years is an advantage. What do we offer you ?. Very good education and training opportunities. A salary corresponding to the qualification and training. Friendly and social environment in a dedicated team. Team activities and knowledge sharing. Place of employment Linz. Apply. Contact Mag Bettina HaglerRoittner Email: jobs @ solvistas. com About us Data Science. Digitization. Internet of Things. Software development. Mobile Development. WebDevelopment. Open data. Agile. Scrum. Shape the future. Benefits. central location. flexible working hours. Home office possible. Health promotion. Further education. familyfriendly. Fruit basket. Corporate events. The collectively agreed monthly gross salary for this post is EUR 2. 898, 00 EUR. Your actual salary will of course depend on your experience and qualifications. We look forward to your online application: Apply. solvistas GmbH Austria 43 732 27 27 27 0 xe2x80xa2 office @ solvistas. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5081465, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Good connection, Flexible working hours, solvistas GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17459421742logosolvistasgmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Graben 18, sameAs: solvistas. com
Java Lead Developer (wm) for demanding IT projects in the field of Business Intelligence, Big Data and Digitization !, Java Lead Developer (wm) for demanding IT projects in the field of Business Intelligence, Big Data and Digitization !. (Jn 40308) Place of work: Greater Linz. Our customer develops and supports innovative software solutions in the area of ​​Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence and Big Data. In addition, he is responsible for advising well-known customers in Austria when it comes to introducing various innovative application solutions. Your future role. In this position, you work together with competent female colleagues on demanding IT projects in the field of business intelligence, big data and digitization. As a technological lead, you play a key role in the development and v. a. following tasks: You are responsible for design and architecture of new developments. They clarify the requirements of the customers and lay the technological basis for internal implementation. You also develop (about 50%) key tools and applications, paying attention to clean and efficient code. They work closely with customers to drive the development of new products. They offer. Completed IT training with focus Software Engineering (HTL, FH, Uni). Several years of professional experience and profound knowledge in Java development (Java EE). Experience with agile methods desirable. Motivated, enthusiastic learner with great interest in new technologies. The special thing about this position. Excellent working atmosphere in a collegiate team. Home office possibility and flexible working hours. Exciting and technologically demanding projects. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 4200 gross month depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Marion Ammer, BSc (43 732 611 221 176), marion. Bunting @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Greater Linz, 5088291, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Computer technician in the field of network, WE SEARCH IT technician in the field of network. Place of work: 4050 Traun, HacklStr. 1. The JMDATA Group supports cable network operators and fiber network operators in Europe. We are now looking for a network engineer in the area of ​​configuration and administration of end devices. Field of application: Technical support in the service team. Management of the trouble ticket system and monitoring platforms. Escalation management. Documentation. Requirements: Successfully completed technical training (eg HTL). Good German and English skills (B2). Network knowledge of IPV4 (DHCP, etc.). Experience in Linux (Debian). Teamwork, willingness to learn and motivation. Maybe already knowledge in the area of ​​TR069 ACS Server (GenieACS). The position has a minimum KV of EUR 1. 830, 09 gross per month. A market-compliant overpayment starting at EUR 2. 400, 00 gross per month, depending on qualifications and experience, is possible. JMDATA Telekom GmbH. Michael Neumann. HacklStreet 1Objekt 2 xe2x80xa2 4050 Traun. application @ jmdata. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Traun, Upper Austria, AT, 5088601, Internet, IT, Telecom,, JMDATA Telekom GmbH, kcdn. atcompany78521248356logojmdatatelekomgmbh. companymid. gif, Traun, 4050, Hacklstrasse 1object 2, sameAs: jmdata. at
Data Analyst, We coordinate public transport in the province of Salzburg for you and are looking for a dedicated team to support our team. DATA ANALYSTIN. YOUR TASKS. Revenue distribution in the Salzburg transport network. Development of sometimes complex SQL queries for relational databases. Optimize data management for revenue sharing. Creation of statistical evaluations and settlements. Close cooperation with internal areas, external partners and provision of the necessary data. CONDITIONS. Computer science education (eg HTL, FH or Uni). Very good computer skills (especially EXCEL MSSQL, Oracle databases). Reliability, independence, secure prioritization, high accuracy, team spirit and discretion. Very good knowledge of German in spoken and written. WE OFFER YOU. 40 hours per week in the flexitime model. Performance-based payment (gross monthly salary: from EUR 3.000, willingness to overpayment after qualification given). Various social benefits (eg SVV annual card). A versatile and varied work in a motivated team. Independent working. Please send your detailed application to bewerbung @ salzburgverkehr. Salzburger Verkehrsverbund GmbH Schallmooser Hauptstraße 10 PO Box 74 5027 Salzburg salzburgverkehr. at T 43 (0) 662 875787 F 43 (0) 662 875787111 office @ salzburgverkehr. at Firmenbuchsitz 5020 Salzburg FN 135832 d UIDNo: ATU 41038603 DVRNo: 4016232., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5088744, Logistics, Transport,, SALZBURG TRAFFIC, kcdn. atcompany353621934013logo. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5027, Schallmooser Hauptstraße 10 stop Hofwirt PO Box 74, sameas: salzburgverkehr. at
Computer scientist with good database knowledge, computer scientist with good database knowledge. Full time 38, 5 hours a week. Are you interested in the interface computer science, statistics, mathematics? With passion and solution orientation you lead our data science projects to success. We are looking for you to expand our location in Linz. These tasks await you !. Data integration. Design and implementation of analytical data marts. Design and implementation of data mining concepts. Data refinement using statistical and analytical methods. PreSales support. Your skills!. Degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Statistics, Mathematics or comparable (University, FH). Profound handling of data in terms of integration and processing. Enjoy working with data and database systems. Profound statistics and data mining knowledge. Communicative and solution-oriented personality. Independent work and teamwork is required. We offer you !. Demanding project tasks and work with modern technologies. Very good education and training opportunities. A salary corresponding to the qualification and training. Friendly and social environment in a dedicated team. Place of employment Linz. Apply. Contact Mag. Bettina HaglerRoittner Graben 18, 4020 Linz Email: jobs @ solvistas. com About us Big Data. Business Analytics. Business Intelligence. Visual Analytics. Agile. Scrum. Dashboarding. Shape the future. Benefits. central location. flexible working hours. Home office possible. Health promotion. Further education. familyfriendly. Fruit basket. Corporate events. The collectively agreed monthly gross salary for this position amounts to EUR 2.393, 00. Your actual salary depends of course on your qualifications and experience. We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply. solvistas GmbH Austria 43 732 27 27 27 0 xe2x80xa2 jobs @ solvistas. com. Office Linz Graben 18, 4020 Linz. Office Vienna GerhardBronnerStraße 17, 1100 Vienna. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5089345, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Good connection, Flexible working hours, solvistas GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17459421742logosolvistasgmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Graben 18, sameAs: solvistas. com
Deputy Manager Area Knowledge Discovery, The KnowCenter is the Austrian Research Center for Datadriven Business and Big Data Analytics. Embedded in a network of more than 50 partner companies and more than 100 international research institutes, over 100 highly qualified employees conduct research at our location in Graz under the motto xe2x80x9from data to intelligence  on innovative solutions and intelligent services for our customers.The KnowCenter is looking for a (n committed). DEPUTY MANAGER AREA KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY IN GRAZ (38, 5 hW). The KnowCenter is Austrias first port of call for all questions concerning big data analytics and data-driven business. In the field of knowledge discovery, we work together with partners from industry on innovative topics around machine learning artifical intelligence (data science), natural language processing and various search technologies. We build long-term partnerships with our partners and support them in the implementation of strategic innovations. Task statement. The Knowledge Discovery Team is working on many exciting projects in a wide variety of industrial applications; from semiconductor manufacturing to the automotive industry to pharmaceuticals. Together with the scientific director, you are responsible for the operational management and strategic development of the Knowledge Discovery Team. You will work on current projects and develop new projects with our partners. Tasks. Together with the scientific director, you form the operative management of the division. Support of project managers in the coordination of current projects. Cooperation in the submission of projects and in the preparation of project content. Support of the Business Development Team in the development and development of strategic cooperation (Business Development Key Accounting), application-oriented research topics and grant applications (third-party funding). Willingness to represent the KnowCenter at trade fairs and congresses (an advantage). Required knowledge. Completion of a subject-related study with a technical focus and / or knowledge in Business Informatics or Business Administration. Experience in project and team management. Experience in mathematics, statistics, big data, cloud computing and software design. Interest in networking. Fluent German and English in spoken and written. Understanding of business models and unique selling points (of advantage). We offer. A dynamic, multicultural and creative team. Challenging topics with well-known company partners from our consortium in the automotive industry, semiconductor manufacturing, the media industry and others. a.Creating the strategic orientation of the Knowledge Discovery Team and the entire Know-Center. Opportunities for professional and personal development both technically and research-oriented. Collaboration with highly trained experts in the field of machine learning, search technologies, computational linguistics, artificial intelligence. Various computing environments: GPU cluster, Apache Hadoop cluster, workstations, and more. The collective agreement minimum salary for this full-time position is 3, 392, gross Euro per month (14 times a year). The READY FOR REPAYMENT depending on qualifications and experience is available. We look forward to receiving your application, please send it as an email enclosing relevant documents to career @ knowcenter. at.KNOWCENTER GMBH. RESEARCH CENTER FOR DATADRIVEN BUSINESS AND BIG DATA ANALYTICS Inffeldgasse 136, A 8010 Graz. Know center. For job posting on our website:, 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5089447, Science, Research, Education & Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Rewards, KNOWCENTER GmbH Research Center for Data Driven Business Big Data Analytics, kcdn , atcompany439261572264logokompetenzzentrumfrwissensbasierteanwendungenusystemeforschungs. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Inffeldgasse 136, sameAs: knowcenter. TUGraz. at
IT Operations Engineer xe2x80x93 Big Data (mw), Our client operates in the digital business and is one of the most established, attractive and largest companies in its field. Due to the outstanding development of the company, the Operations Team is being expanded. We are recruiting for the position  ITOperations Engineer Big Data  for a full time job in Vienna.IT Operations Engineer Big Data (mw). Contract Type: Permanent. Ref. Nr: AV6073. Location: Vienna. Your tasks: Secure and stable deployment of the big data infrastructure. Development of the technical basis for new data-driven products and features in collaboration with Data Experts (Big Data Team). Improvement of the high-performance big data platform. Develop new data strategies and data architectures together with the DataInnovation team for new products and futures. Your qualification: Experience in the operation and in the construction of BigData infrastructures. Knowledge in the implementation as well as in the guarantee of the high-performance operation of BigData infrastructures. In-depth knowledge in database technologies (SQL and NoSQL). First experience in programming in the Big Data environment using at least one programming language (Scala, JAVA, etc.). Social competence and enjoyment of interactive exchange of ideas in a team. Our offer: Very successful open and flexible team. Latest technologies. Funded training opportunities. Numerous employee events. Convenient location. Employee benefits. Gross annual salary from EURO 45,000; can be significantly higher with corresponding work experience and qualifications. Salary: 45 56 K Euro. Contact: If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Mr. Pruckermayr by phone at 43 (0) 720 51 56 09 or by e-mail application @ aviteus. com. In accordance with the Equal Treatment Act, we turn to ladies and gentlemen. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5089767, Personnel Service, Employee Mobile, Good Connectivity, Flexible Working Hours, Aviteus Recruiting e. U., kcdn. atcompany82736959180logoaviteusrecruitingeu. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1190, Billrothstrasse 53, sameAs: aviteus. com
Data Engineer focusing on Big Data and IoT (mw), Data Engineer focusing on Big Data and IoT (mw). THE OPPORTUNITIES ARE ENDLESS WHEN YOU ARE FEARLESS. At the KTM GROUP forward thinkers are meeting adrenaline-filled jobs. If you want to shape the future, and of course motorcycles, then youre at the right place with Europes largest motorcycle manufacturer. Tasks. Cooperation in the implementation and further development of the KTM Big Data platform. Transformation and mapping of data from different source systems. Development, testing and documentation of interfaces in coordination with those responsible for source and target systems. Conception and continuous optimization of data streams. Orchestration and monitoring of automated process steps. Ensuring data integrity and data consistency. Coordination of processes with internal (specialist departments) and external partners. Profile. In-depth technical (IT) education (HTL, FH or TU studies). Knowledge of Big Data (Hadoop) and IoT. Experience with web services (RESTSOAP). Very good know how in relational database systems. Experience with data integration (middleware) and / or orchestration tools is an advantage. good English in spoken and written. communicative, committed personality with a structured, exact working method and a high solution orientation. We offer. the chance to help shape the future of Europes most successful motorcycle manufacturer. a versatile area of ​​responsibility with the opportunity to actively contribute and drive ideas forward. Attractive social benefits, flexible working hours and interesting continuing education courses as well as a unique corporate culture characterized by collegiality and team spirit. a performance-based remuneration from EUR 42,000, gross per year (overpayment possible). We would like to point out that we are obliged to provide this information on the basis of xc2xa7 9 (2) of the Austrian Equal Treatment Act. Contact. Margot Dum. 0043 7742 6000 4763. To apply, please use our online form only and upload the personal documents (CV, letter of motivation, certificates of education and professional experience) in the last step. In this way, we can process the application as quickly as possible. CONTINUE OUR SUCCESS STORY BY WRITING YOUR OWN !. Application process: Two-stage with personal talks (department and HR). Reference. Project2018002510. Entrance fee. asap. Companies. KTM AG. Location. Mattighofen, Salzburg Surroundings. Of lessons. Full time. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Mattighofen, Upper Austria, AT, SalzburgUmgebung, Salzburg, AT, 5090049, Vehicle Manufacturing, Supplier, Canteen, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Laptops, Parking Lot, Education & Training, Child Care, EmployeeEvents, Educational LeavingAuszeit, Flexible Working Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Supplementary Insurance, Employee Benefits, KTM GROUP, kcdn. atcompany36063291039ktm. companymid. gif, Mattighofen, 5230, Stallhofnerstrasse 3, sameAs: ktm. com
Professional. NET Developer (mw), Professional. NET Developer (mw). Reference no.48174. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Further information can be found at: at. Atos. net.Your tasks. As a member of the Microsoft practice department, you will be working on the customer interface from day one. Development and customization of web applications based on Microsoft. Net. Implementation of customer requests in cooperation with the project team Project cooperation in conception, testing and development. You work in a dynamic, innovative team and have the opportunity after a training phase to take on more responsibility and independent (part) projects. A mentoring program supports you in your professional and methodological development and the expansion of your competence. By working in various projects, you can quickly get to know our company and plan your next career steps together with us. Your profile: You have a completed education (HTL or FH) with a focus on computer science or comparable work experience. You bring several years of development experience in ASP. Net C #, HTML CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript (Knockout.js, Require.js, AngularJS), Apps and / or Databases. Ideally you have a good working knowledge of Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server and ReSharper. Experience with Test Driven Development and Frameworks is an advantage. You speak good German and English. Your strengths include curiosity, team spirit, intercultural competence, high learning and dedication. You bring fresh ideas into our company and enjoy challenging projects. We offer: A varied and challenging job in projects with well-known customers , An experienced, dynamic team with the best customer relationships. Mentoring for the first six months and continuing education. Flexible working hours and working models to reconcile work and family life. Performance-oriented, market-driven payment. as well as other company benefits (canteen, additional holidays and much more). We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR33. 502, full time. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market and adjusted to the actual number of hours worked. Further information. Have we piqued your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application including CV and motivation letter !. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5091331, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Head of Business Analyst, NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. In order to react more flexibly and efficiently in the future to rapid market changes and to be able to satisfy increasingly complex customer requirements, REWE International AG founds a new company with the aim of establishing the largest multi-customer loyalty program on the Austrian market. You have the chance to accompany this setup with startup character right from the start. QUALIFICATIONS WE REWARD. Completed technical or economics university education. Mind. 5 years relevant work experience and leadership experience. Knowledge of common analysis and BITools as well as experience with data visualization (tableau, board, click view, xe2x80xa6). Good handling of databases. R or Phython programming experience as well as SAS knowledge beneficial. Team spirit, goal orientation, curiosity, resilience and stamina. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Establishment and management of an expert team as well as responsibility for the areas of data science, reporting and market research. Screening, planning and implementation of analytics and BI tools. Further development of the IT infrastructure for data analysis together with IT and business support. Responsible for the optimization and standardization of analyzes and reports (data management and data analysis). Establishment of a customer panel and internal and external market research as well as creation of a long-term data vision. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Flexible working hours for a balanced WorkLifeBalance. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Good public access and a company car for private use. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. An annual gross salary starting from EUR 60,000, as well as attractive premiums for special commitment (The amount of the actual salary depends on the existing qualification as well as the pre-employment times.). WE LOOK FOR LADDER BUSINESS ANALYST. LOCATION: 1120 VIENNA. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5110543, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Digital Marketing Manager, SEO and Performance (mf), Passionate about SEO? Inspired by performance marketing and customer data? Then read onxe2x80xa6 If you know how to make compelling, timesensitive content visible to search engines, and you have experience in scaling performance marketing campaigns, we look forward to receiving your application!. Digital Marketing Manager, SEO and Performance (mf). Your tasks. Analysis of growth drivers with a strong focus on performance marketing and SEO. Further development of SEO activities and processes, and success monitoring. Significant strategic input to performance marketing activities. Systematic analysis, experimentation and optimisation. Close cooperation with the entire team in particular marketing, product and IT. Your skills. 5 years experience in successful growth companies. Indepth analysis expertise, covering campaign and customer journey data. Excellent SEO knowledge, both conceptual and practical (Google Search Console). Deep expertise in performance marketing. Highly comfortable with numbers, AB testing and customer journey. Good communicator with a resultsoriented way of working. Passion for learning, experimenting, and sharing knowledge. Fundamental interest in FinTechs and or the financial industry. Very good German and English, both spoken and written. Nice to have. Detailed technical knowledge of SEO. Experience with the application of statistical analysis methods. Knowledge of many Google Analytics tricks. Thatss what awaits you. We, the team behind the investor platform wikifolio. com, have set ourselves the goal of establishing social trading as a preferred alternative for European retail investors. Join the Investor Revolution with our startup of the Year 2017!. You could have an exciting job in a young, dynamic and collegiate team. You could work with stateoftheart technologies and enjoy a fun social life with the team. This is a dynamic company which is rapidly growing, so there are superb opportunities for career development and diversification. We are offering an annual gross salary based on your qualification and experience.Your application. To apply for this position please submit your letter of application and your CV (in english) under the reference number 68. 515 to our ISGcareer portal or by email.Visit us at career. isg. com here you will find daily new job offers. ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A1020 Wien, Rustenschacherallee 38. Nicole Fugger, T: 43 1 512 35 05 73. eMail: bewerbung. fugger@isg. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5111101, Personaldienstleistung, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
SAP HCM Junior Consultant (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. SAP HCM Junior Consultant (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Solution Consulting and close cooperation with our departments Personnel and Personnel Development. Collaboration in international HCM projects from the preparation of the requirements to the go-live and transfer to the company. Analysis, development and optimization of existing HR systems (mainly SAP HCM, but also recruiting, elearning, etc.) in Germany and abroad. They offer: Successfully completed training (university, FH) with a focus on IT or human resources. (Reason) Knowledge in SAP HCM is an advantage. xe2x80x9eHands On  mentality, above-average degree of independence, commitment and sound quality awareness. Strong communication and teamwork. Willingness for personal development; Missing knowledge is supplemented by appropriate training plans. Very good knowledge of German, good command of spoken and written English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5111675, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Big Data Engineer (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.Big Data Engineer (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Preparation and analysis of large volumes of structured and unstructured data in Digital Retail. Co-designing and building a big data platform using state-of-the-art cloud and on-premise technologies. Sustainable knowledge building in the area of ​​Big Data. Close cooperation with the data scientists as well as stakeholders in the departments in the national and international environment. They offer: A completed IT education (HTL, FH, Uni); Training focus in the area of ​​big data is an advantage. Experience in application programming and database design; Initial experience and knowledge of relevant tools such as Power BI, Python, Tensorflow, Google Cloud Platform, NoSQL, SQL and Cloud architectures are advantageous. Teamplayer qualities with initiative and motivation as well as the will for constant further education. German and English spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5111691, trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Data Scientist (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee.Data Scientist (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Her tasks: Development of innovative analytical applications with Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Preparation and analysis of large volumes of structured and unstructured data in digital retail. Co-designing and building a big data platform using state-of-the-art cloud and on-premise technologies. Sustainable knowledge building in the field of data science. Collaboration in a highly motivated team in the national and international environment. Close cooperation with our departments. They offer: A completed IT education (HTL, FH, Uni); Training focus in the field of data science is an advantage. Mastery of statistical and mathematical fundamentals. Experience in application programming and database design; Initial experience and knowledge of relevant tools such as Power BI, Python, Tensorflow, Google Cloud Platform and SQL are beneficial. Analytical thinking as well as interest and understanding of business processes. Teamplayer qualities with initiative and motivation as well as the will for constant further education. German and English spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5111700, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Product Engineer COGS (mf), Step up.We are shaping the world with sensor solutions!. ams success, being a world leader in the design and production of high performance analog ICs and sensor solutions is driven by our most important asset our employees. To support our continuing growth, we are looking for people with ideas, people who want to make a difference and are focused on being the best.Product Engineer COGS (mf). Job No. 2410. Job descriptiontasks and responsibilities:Analyze product cost and identify cost reduction potentials. Drive cost improvements in a cross functional team of Product Engineers, Process Engineers and Failure Analysis Engineers. Perform in depth data analysis and electrical failure analysis to support cost improvement program. Educationexperience:Master or Bachelor of Science in Electronics, Physics or equivalent. Good communication skills in English (spoken and written). Passion for analytical work and failure analysis. Ability to solve complex problems independently. Workplace:Premstätten, Styria, Austria. Collective salary and wage agreement: The employment is in accordance with the collective salary and wage agreement for employees of the electrical and electronics industry, employment group F (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017).ams offers a great work environment with exciting career paths and trainings, attractive salaries, a profit sharing program, social events and much more. If you enjoy creativity and innovation, working in teams and an open and friendly corporate culture, we are looking forward to your application via our recruiting platform: ams. comengJoinOurTeamOpenPositions. ams. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Premstätten, Steiermark, AT, 5119563, Elektronik, Automatisation, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, ams AG, kcdn. atcompany3599426230logoamsaustriamicrosystemsag. companymid. gif, Unterpremstätten, 8141, Tobelbader Strasse 30, sameAs: ams. com
SAS Developer for Modeling Environment (mf), I believe in creative solutions for every technological challenge. . So do we. Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.SAS Developer for Modeling Environment (mf). Erste Group IT International (EG IT INT) is the IT service provider of Erste Group, supplying solutions to all entities. It provides development, implementation and integration as well as operation of groupwide solutions. Aimed at offering the best service at the best price, EG IT INT plays a key strategic role within Erste Group.YOU:contribute to analysis, development, testing and operation. work within the whole product lifecycle. actively build up a long term relationship with our internal customers. will be part of an increasingly flexible service and are expected to proactively shape its future. have a professional education, at least 3 years of experience in software development SAS, Python Java (optional). are experienced esp. in SAS DI Studio, SAS Base and SAS ETS. understand Hadoop and Hive and have the ability to do basic commands and maintenance. have SQL knowhow, ideally with Oracle databases. are familiar with a Linux environment and shell scripting. speak English fluently and use it throughout your business day. are a communicative, teamminded, customeroriented and analytical thinking personality with the ability to act independently and at your own responsibility. WE:offer a very diverse job in an interesting and dynamic field with excellent perspectives, the chance to participate in a growing business area of Erste Group and to take over responsibility for defined challenging groupwide projects.provide you the opportunity to work with a motivated, ambitious multinational team and to cooperate with many colleagues, functions and units across the Erste Group in our region.offer you a competitive and performancerelated salary that will depend on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 40. 572, gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement.foster a work environment in where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success we live diversity!. INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: FullTime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5119968, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Group IT International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105922319966unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstegroupit. com
Database Expert (mw), 3B infra has successfully launched its IT infrastructure management systems on the market. As an international, innovative company with high growth rates, continuous development is a key competitive factor for us. We are looking for one. Database Expert (mw). Asset Management Systems for Railway Infrastructure. Your qualifications. Are you ambitious, find answers to unresolved questions faster than others, and enjoy working with new technologies and data? They have in particular over. a completed technical vocational training (HTL, FH, TU). Several years of professional experience in data modeling and database programming (ideally in teams). very good knowledge of SQL (TSQL). very good knowledge in design, administration and optimization of databases. ideally, experience with topics such as spatial data, big data, data mining, data warehouse, business intelligence. strong analytical and conceptual skills. Team spirit and communication skills. Enjoy international project work. German and English in spoken and written. Your tasks. You work in the product team of 3B infra, which is responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of complex IT solutions and thus decisive for the innovative strength of the company. Analysis of the technical requirements (Requirement Engineering). Implementation of the technical design. Programming and development of the applications according to the given requirements as well as documentation of the individual work results. Maintenance of developed components. Implementation of the module and integration tests, as well as the quality assurance of the application. Rollout of the product at well-known international railway companies. Our range. We want to grow in the long term together with our employees. Therefore, we offer: factual as well as personal development through constantly new challenges and technologies. Individual training as well as knowledge and exchange of experiences with colleagues. Design scope regarding working time regulation. KV Minimum basic salary of 46,000 euros gross per year (38, 5 hours per week). the willingness to market-conform overpayment depending on qualification and experience. a good working atmosphere in an up-and-coming company in the center of Vienna. We look forward to receiving your application, which you can send to Kurt Fister, email address fister @ 3binfra. at, set.3B infra infrastructure management systems GmbH Operngasse 20b, A1040 Vienna 3binfra. at., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5119982, Internet, IT, Telecom,, 3Binfra infrastructure management systems GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1052051192041logo3binfrainfrastrukturmanagementsystemegmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Operngasse 20 B, sameAs: 3binfra. at
IT Systems Engineer (wm), career with COPADATA. COPADATA is an innovation leader in the field of industrial automation software. Open minded, proactive in our solutions, active worldwide. As a dynamic, successful company, we are constantly growing and expanding our team. We are looking for one: IT Systems Engineer (wm). Your tasks: Together with a small but powerful IT team you work on the continuous development of our IT infrastructure, applications and processes. In doing so, you make an important contribution to the security and stability of our entire IT and implement projects on your own responsibility or in a team. Furthermore you support and advise our internal users. You bring with you: You are familiar with your multi-year experience and a sound education with Windows client and server operating systems, SharePoint, MS Exchange, Skype for Business and SQL and see your strength in an analytical, goal-oriented and self-responsible approach. You speak English in spoken and written. Experiences in workflow management and with HyperConvergedSystems are an advantage. Do you want to make a decisive contribution to the continuous improvement of our processes and communication in this dynamic, international environment? Then we look forward to receiving your application to Dr. med. Manfred Magnus at jobs @ copadata. com. At least the classification according to the IT collective agreement in ST1 regulation level is intended for the function. The final gross salary is in line with the market and is based on your education, qualifications and experience. Visit us: Ing. Punzenberger COPADATA GmbH Karolingerstraße 7b xc2xb7 5020 Salzburg xc2xb7 Austria tel: 43 (0) 662 431002105 xc2xb7 copadata. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5120372, electronics, automation, education and training, flexible working hours, company pension, COPADATA, kcdn. atcompany12355364282logocopadatagmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, Karolingerstraße 7b, sameAs: copadata. com
Product Manager Digitalization (fm), Sandvik Mining and Rock TechnologyPA Mechanical Cutting seeks a. Product Manager Digitalization (fm). In this role you will contribute in defining and drive the execution of our overall Product Lines strategy with focus on digitalization together with a team of wellrespected senior experts in our mining product offering. You develop our digitalization strategy for all products within PA Mechanical Cutting and coordinate initiatives with global SMRT Automation Team. We are looking for an energetic and experienced Digitalization Product Manager for our global products to lead our rapidly growing digital product portfolio development together with our customers into the future. This strategic position is based in Zeltweg, Austria and reports directly to the Vice President PL Underground Coal Minerals.KEY PERFORMANCE AREAS. Set the agenda for digitalization of our product portfolios in our product lines and align them with Product Line Management and overall business strategy ensuring the product portfolio is superior to that of our competitors and allows Sandvik to retain the market leader position. Identify, evaluate and specify new product ideas, enhancements to existing products or new product development to drive digitalization and automation in our product portfolio. Translate research discoveries into feasible and marketable automated products and features. Drive development for Machine or Fleet Data Management system for connected equipment. Build up and Manage field digitalization engineering support. Manage Automation and digitalization projects. YOUR PROFILE. Relevant Master or Bachelor degree or proven track record in digital projects in designated fields of work. At least 5 7 years experience in product management, business development or similar internationalglobal role with softwareautomationdigitalization background. Resultdriven approach creating and executing strategies and ambitious plans. Effective international networking and strong communication, presentation and negotiation skills in English as well as stakeholder management are required. Demonstrate flexibility, speed, problem solving, innovation and analytical skills. WE ARE OFFERING. A future development plan. A challenging role with the possibility to grow further in organization. As required by Austrian federal law we hereby state, that the legal minimum salary according to the Austrian collective agreement amounts to EUR 49. 193, 62 gross per year, depending on qualification and experience we offer an adequate overpayment and additional benefits. CONTACT. Please apply via Online Tool on sandvik. comcareers Job Reference No. 358052. For further information, please contact Human Resources at Tel. 43 3577 755 219.Read about Sandvik at auf sandvik. comSandvik Mining is a business area within the Sandvik Group and a leading global supplier of equipment and tools, service and technical solutions for the mining industry. The offering covers rock drilling, rock cutting, rock crushing, loading and hauling and materials handling. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Zeltweg, Steiermark, AT, 5121905, Industrie, Produktion, , Sandvik Mining and Construction, kcdn. atcompany8246296900logosandvikminingandconstruction. companymid. jpg, Zeltweg, 8740, Alpinestraße 1, sameAs: sandvik. com
Digital Architect (wm) Enterprise Architecture, Austrias leading power company: Work with top experts on the future of energy !. Location: Vienna. A special task, a great opportunity: Strengthen Austrias leading electricity company! Like no one else in Europe, we rely on the power of water and on the energy and competence of our colleagues. With our subsidiaries and business partners, we work intensively on the entire energy value chain: from power generation through transport to trade and sales. This requires highly motivated specialists and close cooperation. Our team at VERBUND Services GmbH in Vienna is looking for you as a. Digital Architect (wm) Enterprise Architecture. They are convinced that the digital transformation will change the processes and business models of almost all industries. In your career so far, youve been responsible for classic enterprise architecture projects, but youve also gained experience in architectural definition as part of digitization initiatives. In this role, youll lead the design, development, and implementation of our new Digital Center of Excellence new digital architecture. This will bring together both operational and analytical systems, and will have to consider existing as well as new solutions. It will only work for you: you will be responsible for the design, development and implementation of a contemporary and scalable digital architecture, with the continuous changes in the market Account can be taken. You design the future BigData architecture considering different hosting scenarios. Proposals for the integration of currently partially separate data pools will be developed by you. They take on the selection of frameworks, tools and technologies with the aim of offering a standardized technology stack for all business areas. They work in close cooperation with the individual business units to gain a detailed understanding of future business and technical requirements. The technical coordination and coaching of internal and external developers will be done by you. They carry out technical audits or reviews. You bring along: Completed studies in computer science, business informatics or comparable academic education (eg in the field of telematics, new technologies). Several years of practical experience in design and implementation of digital architectures for both B2B and B2C focus businesses. Experience with Azure, AWS or Google Cloud is an advantage. Industry experience beneficial. Detailed knowledge of current technology trends and programming languages, big data and cloud technologies and their ecosystems. Extensive expertise in infrastructure, virtualization, collaboration, IT security and agile development processes. Good knowledge of cloud platform architectures (SaaS, PaaS and IaaS). Knowledge of SAP is an advantage. Your way to communicate appreciatively, your solution-oriented way of thinking and your pronounced moderation and presentation skills convince us. With us you receive: A highly interesting activity in the circle of top experts at the leading energy supplier in Austria. The opportunity to evolve within your position. Our confidence in your abilities. A structured induction phase and numerous benefits. An extensive internal education program and annual employee appraisals. A gross monthly basic salary from EUR 3. 784.00 (according to KV 2018) plus a defined benefit payment. Admission: as soon as possible. They are interested?. Then we look forward to your online application including CV, letter of application, possibly your certificates or other documents for ReferenzNummer AT00244 under verbund. comjobs. VERBUND has set itself the goal of increasing the proportion of women. We are therefore especially happy about applications from women. If you have any questions, please contact Eva KöllnerAulehla by phone: 43 (0) 50 31354 155. Providing the future, promoting excellence. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5128107, energy industry, environment, health measures, education and training, employee benefits, VERBUND AG, kcdn. atcompany28193117957logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Am Hof ​​6A, sameAs: verbund. comdeat
Data Analyst Telecommunications (mw), Data Analyst Telecommunications (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 85043. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 31. 05. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time, indefinite. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 0%. Job Description. Are you connected to your ability to analyze our network quality and report on it? Help shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate in a simple and reliable manner. Your task here: In this exciting role you develop and create reports for SLAs with our major customers and analyze the technical capacity, quality and performance of the TMobile network. Concretely, you develop and develop They maintain and maintain KPI databases as well as dashboards and their connection to international systems. They support the business sales and service departments in customer presentations after prior coordination with the specialist departments. They take on SLA activities for major customers (reviews, SLA enhancements with new KPIs, xe2x80xa6 ) and proactively identify solutions to customer-relevant problems. They use the help of monitoring systems to analyze current problems with our voice and data services and their effects or consequences. They independently conduct analyzes for complex technical processes and work offer solutions or improvement options. Requirements. They convince by their open, communicative personality and their analytic, independent working. They have a completed technical education with a focus on communications engineering or IT (HTL, University of Applied Sciences, University) and have already gained work experience in a similar position ideally in the telecommunications environment. You could already KnowHow in the areas of GSM, UMTS and LTE and ideally have experience with measuring systems (eg DriveTest systems, NimsPrOptima, WSQM, xe2x80xa6). Very good knowledge of MS Office, good SQL skills and very good German and English proficiency in writing and writing complete Your profile ab.Kundenorientierung, commitment, result orientation and team player mentality you excel.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the telecom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 300 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from € 45,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 300 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. For legal reasons, we point out that the expected gross annual salary for this position is from € 45,000, depending on your qualifications, experience and commitment. Does this connect us? Take the next step. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5128175, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Internship in Market Risk Trading Book Risk Analytics xe2x80x93 CRO Intern Market Data Analyst (mf), I believe that continuous development is the most important step to a successful career. . glaubandich. So do we. Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.Internship in Market Risk Trading Book Risk Analytics CRO Intern Market Data Analyst (mf). Erste Group was founded in 1819 as the first Austrian savings bank and today it is one of the largest banking groups in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE). As an attractive employer, Erste Group offers interesting career opportunities in an international environment. Within Erste Group Risk Management, the organizational unit Trading Book Risk Analytics ensures a coordinated development and integration of market risk management tools into daily operations. This includes the endofday processing, configuration of pricing environments, scenario engines and reporting Tools. Main tasks of the department are to. run the market data processes for IPV and internal model. implement and process risk measures for market risk used for independent price verification (IPV), internal steering, regulatory reporting and limit management. run a VaR model for regulatory purposes (Internal Model) and risk steering. YOU:are currently studying Finance, Mathematics, Statistic, or Economics. are specialized in quantitative finance, financial econometrics or Risk Management. possess basic knowledge of valuation and reporting of capital market products and related market data. work as a market data specialist with focus on group capital markets within Erste Group Market Risk Management in Vienna, this includes data analysis and data processing within the regular end of day processing. support the market data process of financial instruments for some of Erste Group asset classes (interest rates, foreign exchange, equity, credit, commodities). cooperate with senior and junior market data specialists in order to ensure a smooth market data processing within the defined responsibilities. have basic IT knowledge including Excel, Access, VBA, R and SQL. show good communication skills in writing and verbally across all levels. work reliably on your assigned tasks. possess excellent English language skills (any CEE language skills would be an advantage). WE:offer a very diverse job in an interesting and dynamic field with excellent perspectives as of July 2018. offer you a limited contract for 6 months parttime, everyday from 15: 30 19: 30. give you the possibility to gain experience and to get interesting insights in the market risk area. offer you to learn from Senior Risk Managers. offer you to be part of an international team with a great team spirit. guarantee an internship allowance of minimum EUR 1. 500 per month (on a fulltime Basis). INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: Parttime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180319T00: 35: 480100, INTERN, Wien, Wien, AT, 5128547, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, Kantine, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Fitnessangebote, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterdarlehen, Zusatzversicherungen, Erste Bank, kcdn. atcompany156313196695logogross. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstebank. at
IT project assistant for Supply Chain Management Business Intelligence, my job with added value. IT Project Assistant for Supply Chain Management Business Intelligence. We are HOFER: people with personality. We also bring in our abilities and talents from the private sphere also valuable in the professional environment. Because common values ​​connect. As the most popular grocery retailer in Austria, we are steadily growing with just under 480 branches and more than 11,000 employees and are therefore looking for committed personalities who can help us to shape the corporate success of our company together.Your personality. Enjoying the project responsibility. structured and solution-oriented way of working. pronounced technical understanding and analytical thinking. very good communication and team skills. Service-oriented and professional in appearance. Your tasks. Active involvement in IT projects in the areas of supply chain management (logistics and procurement) and business intelligence (reporting and evaluations). continuous development and specification of requirements as well as technical conceptualization in cooperation with internal and external development partners. Independent support of users in case of support as well as coordination and execution of software tests. Close cooperation with internal departments, development partners as well as national and international IT departments. Your qualifications. completed education on at least Matura level (HAKHTL) with IT focus. Relevant work experience and in-depth knowledge of IT applications and database systems. very good understanding of business contexts. ideally experience with standard software (eg SAP or other ERPSC systems). Our range. above-average salary (gross monthly salary from EUR 3 033, for 38, 5 hoursweek). versatile field of activity. extensive training. Education and training as part of the HOFER ACADEMY. Possibility of a sabbatical lasting several months. regular teambuilding events. reliable employer. Workplace. Hoferstrasse 1 6421 Rietz. Starting work. from now on. Online application. Please use our online application and attach your CV including motivation letter, photo and all relevant certificates. Apply online. More information about HOFER as an employer under career. Hofer. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Rietz, Tyrol, AT, 5128575, Trade, Fruit, Fitness, Flexible hours, HOFER KG, kcdn. atcompany15483171824logohofer. companymid. png, Sattledt, 4642, Hofer Strasse 1, sameAs: Career. Hofer. at
Test Manager (mf), I believe in creative solutions for every technological challenge. . So do we. Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.Test Manager (mf). Erste Group IT International (EG IT INT) is the IT service provider of Erste Group, supplying solutions to all entities. It provides development, implementation and integration as well as operation of groupwide solutions. Aimed at offering the best service at the best price, EG IT INT plays a key strategic role within Erste Group.YOU:support the Solution and Project Managers in develop product specific strategies and to create the test plan (based on the test strategy). create test strategies together with PMSM (exception for small projectssolutions). organize and partially execute security testing to ensure compliance with ISAE3402 control and data protection requirements. provide guidance and assistance to Division Managers and technical staff on technical and strategic issues. review requirements specification and ensure that quality of documentation is sufficient. derive test cases out of requirements specifications and automate test cases. prepare and organize appropriate test data and ensure together with the responsible colleague of the development unit that the correct version of the solution is deployed and ready for test. perform automated and manual tests according to test plan. log the tests, evaluate the results and document problems found. provide reports on the test progress and statistics on various test KPIs (e. g. defects founds, defects closed etc. ). bring an academic degree in Economics andor Computer Science and 3 years of experience as Test Manager. are experienced in analysis, design, development, and application deployment of large ERP landscapes (SAP). possess a knowledge in other TestTools like HP Quality Center. have know how about SAP processes and functions. are familiar with SAP Solution Manager (Test Management). are a team player with strong organizational, communication and presentation skills, analytical and solution oriented thinking. possess fluency in English for both verbal and written communication is precondition. WE:offer an autonomous and diversified position in an experienced team with international experience. support your professional and personal development at all times. Our employees appreciate attractive career opportunities, flexible working hours, numerous social benefits and a professional working atmosphere.guarantee a competitive and performancerelated salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 40. 572, gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement. foster a work environment in where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success we live diversity!. INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: FullTime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5130482, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Group IT International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105922319966unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstegroupit. com
Senior Solution Design Architect (wm), FUJITSU Here the focus is on the human being! In an industry where one revolution chases the other, Fujitsu provides a work environment in which everyone can actively shape the future. Mutual trust and an appreciative approach in our own team is just as important as towards our customers and partners. Our aim is to work collaboratively and sustainably. In order for our employees to develop their potential in the best possible way, we regularly offer professional and personal training opportunities and broad-based career opportunities. We are looking for a location for our location in Vienna as soon as possible: Senior Solution Design Architect (wm). Legal entity: Fujitsu Technology Solutions GesmbH Working time: 38, 5 hrs. Week. What tasks do you expect us to do? Responsible for the design and structuring of complex data center solutions. Consulting clients and designing solution architectures in close coordination with Sales and Global Delivery. Take a look at factors such as feasibility, risk, stateoftheart technologies, and economics in solution design. Active exchange of experiences with colleagues from the portfolio areas and the delivery. Feedback to shape and develop the development of portfolio and service elements. Which qualification you should bring: University degree, ideally in the field of (computer science) computer science or equivalent education. Broad technical knowledge and overall overview in the environment of complex data center solutions in the middle class and enterprise customer environment. Relevant experience in the design of complex infrastructure solutions. Themes such as Software Designed Data Center, Software Defined Storage, which are managed by Fujitsu under the name PRIMEFLEX, are familiar to them. Experience in working in virtual teams. An independent and well organized work style as well as a confident appearance and communication skills. Very good knowledge of English in spoken and written. For this position, a salary of EUR 80,000 is gross p. a. endowed with an overpayment depending on qualifications and experience.To the company. Whether Infrastructure or Cloud Solutions, SAP Services Consulting or IoT and Artificial Intelligence Solutions As the leading Japanese provider of information and telecommunications-based business solutions, Fujitsu offers a full range of IT services and products from a single source. We pull out all the stops to pragmatically support our clients in daily business while equipping them for digital transformation. Interested ?. We look forward to receiving your application stating the earliest possible starting date and your salary expectations. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5130522, Commerce, Education and Training, Fujitsu Technology Solutions, kcdn. atcompany1327350375logofujitsutechnologysolutions. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1110, Guglgasse 15, sameAs: at. fujitsu. com
Enterprise Data Expert (fm) UNIQA IT Services GmbH, In order to support us in driving our ambitious initiative in building up and establishing an Enterprise Data Hub, UNIQA IT Services (UITS), the internal IT Service Provider for UNIQA, is hiring an. Enterprise Data Expert (fm). Purpose of this function:Implementing Enterprisescale Big Data and Data Ingestion Use Cases. Leading an Agile Team, which is committed to the fast delivery of highquality results using the Big Data stack, together with international colleagues. Transforming the existing frameworks to a DataasaService platform. Maintaining existing BI Analytics platform. Main Tasks:Elicits the Business Demand and analyzes requirements of Enterprise Data Use Cases. Understands how to apply technologies to solve big data problems and contributes to the design of Enterprise Data Use Cases. Develops, maintains and tests Enterprise Data Use Cases and Big Data solutions. Supports in buildingup largescale data processing systems and complex big data projects. Builds data processing systems Hadoop, Spark and Hive, using Java or Python (Cloudera MapR Platform). Implements efficient and robust ETL workflows (Talend Data Fabric). Focus on collecting, parsing, managing, analyzing and visualizing large sets of data coming from heterogeneous domains. Tunes Hadoop solutions to improve performance and enduser experience. Works in a highly motivated interdisciplinary team with different Business stakeholders, Architects, Data Scientists and Customer Experience experts. Job specific competencies:Experience with Big Data HadoopSparkHiveHBase ecosystems as a must. Experience with Data Ingestion Integration solutions like Talend, Pentaho, etc.Experience in software engineering, objectoriented and functional design, coding and testing pattern. Experience with Data Warehousing and BI solutions preferred. Experience in engineering software platforms and largescale data infrastructures and building highperformance algorithms as a plus. Extensive knowledge in different programming or scripting languages like SQL, Java, Python, R, Rub. Good oral and written communication skills in English and German. Good team player, able to work in a problemsolving agile environment Annual minimum wage according to collective agreement: EUR 61. 608, gross. We are prepared to exceed depending on qualification and experience. We are looking forward to receiving your application!. UNIQA Insurance Group AG. Human Resources Österreich Mag Wolfgang Küchl Untere Donaustraße 21 A1029 Wien Tel: (43 1) 211 75 3613 EMail: wolfgang. kuechl@uniqa. at. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5130649, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , UNIQA Insurance Group AG, kcdn. atcompany27733261512uniqua. companymid. gif, Wien, 1029, Untere Donaustraße 21, sameAs: uniqa. at
IT Architect Digital Transformation (mw) Industry 4. 0, Prototyping, Data Analytics, TrendMonitoring are your keywords ?, IT Architect Digital Transformation (mw) Industry 4. 0, Prototyping, Data Analytics, TrendMonitoring are your buzzwords ?. (Jn 40975) Place of work: Wels. Our customer is a manufacturing company with more than 500 employees in Wels. High quality standards and dynamic performance are the factors of its success. Your future role. Conception of a digitization strategy up to project maturity. Identification of potentials for digitization, independent development of solution concepts including prototyping. Identification and evaluation of new technologies. Intensive cooperation with the individual departments and top management. Implementation of the digitization strategy and accompaniment of concrete implementation projects. They offer. Completed IT training (university, FH). Understanding the processes in a production company. Experience in software development and project management. Expertise in Industry 4. 0, Data Analytics and Machine Learning beneficial. Fun with new technologies as well as initiative and research urge. Very good German and English. The special thing about this position. Be a driving force in the digital transformation. Let your creativity run wild on the green field. Take the chance to observe and implement new trends in the market. Numerous benefits and further education offers. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 5000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Katharina Berger (0732611221 162), katharina. berger @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wels, Upper Austria, AT, 5138038, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Senior Full Stack Engineer (Node. js) (mf), ImmobilienScout24 Austria has been online with its marketplace since January 2012. Together with Immobilien. net and immodirekt. at, our network registers around 2 million visits every month, and our users can currently choose from around 100, 000 real estate offers. Our goal is to offer property seekers and brokers the best deal in Austria. We are part of the Scout24 Group, which operates leading digital marketplaces in the real estate and automotive sectors in Germany and other European countries. A team of around 45 employees is responsible for the success of ImmobilienScout24 in Austria. Become part of this successful team! Further information can be found here: immobilienscout24. at.Senior Full Stack Engineer (Node. js) (mf). What we need from you:Develop highquality software (including features, testing, documentation, etc. ). Participate in architectural discussions, propose and discuss solutions to a system or product.Work with other engineering teams to align and propose technical solutions for crosscutting problems.Support and develop Software Engineers by providing advice, mentoring, and educational opportunities.Work closely with product owners and challenge them in product initiatives and strategy.Continuously improve the tools your team develops with a lean product development mindset.What we need you to bring:You are an engineer at heart with proficiency in modern programming languages Node. js. Have a deep understanding of Continuous Integration Delivery.Practice in Clean Code, Test Driven Development and Pair Programming. Knowledge of DevOps and Continuous Deployment. Are comfortable with version control systems (Git preferred).Have familiarity with Docker and related technologies.Have knowledge of cloud environments (we use AWS) and microservice architectures.Have Knowledge of JavaScript Frameworks like Angular JS and React. jsRedux. Are experienced with relational and nonrelational databases. Bring several years of experience working in or leading multidisciplinary and multiculture teams.Prefer to prove your ideas by trying them and measuring their impact. You accept failure is part of that process.English, German is a plus. What you can expect from us:At Scout24 we value the diversity of our employees as much as our users individual life scripts. Our doors are open for everyone and free of stereotyped thinking. The power of our team grows with the variety of individual perspectives. Our culture embraces a workplace that fits in with your personal way of life. Together, we build leading digital marketplaces in Europe. Some of the things we offer include:An environment that provides the opportunity for impact you would find in a startup combined with the resources of a market leader. Competitive salary, a voluntary occupational pension and personal benefits. A commitment to diversity and a positive environment where we are not just colleagues but teammates and friends. Challenging tasks, free space for your own impulses and a steep learning curve. Free drinks, cereals and fruit, as well as a relaxing lunch break with a promoted lunch menu in a nearby canteen. Modern, wellequipped office with a cozy social area including Wuzzler and consoles directly opposite the opera with excellent transport links. Got curious? Then take a look behind the scenes: walls. ioscout24. We want to hear from you, so apply directly online. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5138338, Internet, IT, Telekom, Essenszulage, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Immobilien Scout Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany51634390486logoimmobilienscoutgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1010, Opernring 5, sameAs: immobilienscout24. at
Specialist Data Analysis Data Financial Analyst (mw), Specialist Data Analysis Data Financial Analyst (mw). (Jn 40385) Place of work: Vienna. Our client is a successful Austrian company that offers a wide range of financial solutions and attaches great importance to the further development of its employees. Your future role. They analyze and evaluate (among others) NPL portfolios and derive recommended actions. They continue to develop the existing DWH environment and create reporting solutions. They act as  sparringpartners  for the department regarding analytics topics. You take responsibility for analyzes for selected countries. They offer. University degree (UNI, FH) with focus on mathematics, statistics, economics or similar. At least 2 years of professional experience in an analyst position, preferably in the financial industry. High data affinity and very good knowledge in the field of statistical analysis and forecasting. Very good knowledge of SQL, SAS knowledge of advantage. Very good German and English. The special thing about this position. Flexible working hours for a 38, 5 hour week (not a contract). Central location very good accessibility. Collegial working environment. Attractive bonus system. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact, Stefan Kirisits, BA (43 (0) 1 523 82 07 127), stefan. Kirisits @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5146322, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Digitalization Specialist (mw), The Freudenberg Group, a global technology company with 48,000 employees in approximately 60 countries, develops leading-edge products, excellent solutions and services for over 30 market segments. As a leading international market and technology specialist in sealing technology, Freudenberg Sealing Technologies is a supplier, development and service partner for customers around the world and the engine of technical progress in many industries. To strengthen our team, we are looking for one. DIGITALIZATION SPECIALIST (MW). Your tasks. Introduction and further development of group-wide digitization projects, in particular MES. Implementation of MES applications for process control. Connection of machines, test systems and applications to the latest (IT) technology. Evaluation and implementation of further selected digitization and industry 4. 0Applications. Support of internal and external projects in the field of industry 4. 0. Optimization of current production in the field of automation and digitization in the sense of industry 4. 0. Co-design of future production processes in the field xe2x80x9eSmart Manufacturing . Performing extensive data analysis (big data). Our expectations. Completed technical education (HTL, FH, Uni) with a focus on IT in production processes, business informatics, smart products and technology. Experience in a manufacturing company is an advantage. Experience in IT project management in the application environment is an advantage. Knowledge of and a strong interest in digitization and industry 4. 0 topics as well as new technologies. Programming skills. MS Office and SAP knowledge. Communication-proof English. Knowledge in the field of project management. Self-responsible and independent work and teamwork. In addition to sound training, we offer you a challenging job in a success-oriented company. You receive an attractive compensation package and the usual company benefits of a large company. Regular feedback and the further development of our employees are important to us. With our in-house Academy and a regular talent management process, we offer you numerous opportunities. Conditions: KV employees Chem. Industry, at least EUR 43. 000 annual gross. Willingness to overpayment depending on qualification and work experience. We look forward to your meaningful application. Freudenberg Sealing Technologies Austria GmbH Co. KG Isabell Zückert xe2x80xa2 Human Resources xe2x80xa2 Sparchner Str. 23 xe2x80xa2 6330 Kufstein xc2xb7 isabell. Zückert @ fst. com xe2x80xa2 fst. com. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Kufstein, Tyrol, AT, 5147013, Industry, Production, Canteen, Health Measures, Training, Freudenberg Sealing Technologies Austria GmbH Co. KG, kcdn. atcompany149121728347logofreudenbergspezialdichtungsprodukteaustriagmbhcokg. companymid. gif, Kufstein, 6330, Sparchner Strasse 23, sameAs: fst. com
Employees Employer Branding Recruiting (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg. Employer Employer Branding Recruiting (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Strengthening our employer brand through targeted use and further development of internal and external employer branding measures. Initiation and implementation of cooperations with educational institutes. Collaboration in recruiting and application management of the SPAR ICS. Organization and participation in events such as career fairs and other employer branding events. Internal and external communication in close coordination with the corporate department. They offer: Completed Apprenticeship (UniFH) in the area of ​​Communication Marketing Employer Branding respectively relevant work experience. Experience in recruiting is an advantage. Creativity, a high energy level and enjoy working independently. Linguistic agility, adequate appearance, as well as a sense for people and trends. Excellent knowledge of German, written and spoken English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: apply @ sparics. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5147047, trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Business Informatics as IT Product Manager Business Intelligence Analytics (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. Business Informatics as IT Product Manager Business Intelligence Analytics (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Advising the departments on the new and further development of xe2x80x9estateoftheart  BusinessIntelligence solutions in a modern and international environment. Implementation of Business Intelligence applications with MicroStrategy SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) on SAP HANA or implementation of eCommerce analytics in Adobe Analytics. Collaboration in Business Intelligence projects. Provision of data models for reporting applications in MicroStrategy. International cooperation in the field of corporate reporting. You offer: Completed computer science or business informatics training we are happy to give even beginners a chance. Experience with Business Intelligence or Data Warehouse is beneficial, preferably with SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) and MicroStrategy. Practical experience in project management advantageous. Goal-oriented and quality-conscious working with a high degree of initiative and quality awareness. Very good knowledge of German, written and spoken English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5147049, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Data Analyst (mf), I believe that agile working is not just a buzzword. . So do we. Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.Data Analyst (mf). Erste Group IT International (EG IT INT) is the IT service provider of Erste Group, supplying solutions to all entities. It provides development, implementation and integration as well as operation of groupwide solutions. Aimed at offering the best service at the best price, EG IT INT plays a key strategic role within Erste Group.YOU:build data applications and dashboards. deliver adhoc analysis and report to the management. stay uptodate with latest developments and technologies in the field of analytics and data science. bring an university degree in either Economics, Business Administration or Information Technology (or equivalent business experience or qualification). possess very good know how in data manipulation and statistics with languages like R or Python. are experienced in querying databases using SQL. are eager to work with data visualization tools like Tableau. are interested in working with the Elastic and Hadoop stack. are a team player, that is not afraid to present hisher ideas and possess very good communication skills. have problem solving and analytical capabilities. are fluent in English and knowledge of any other Central European language (German, Czech, Slovak, Hungarian, Romanian, Croatian or Serbian) is an advantage. WE:offer you to take over a lead function for a highly motivated team dealing with increasing amount of demand and direct contact to customers within Erste Group. support your professional and personal development at all times. Our employees appreciate attractive career opportunities, flexible working hours, numerous social benefits and a professional working atmosphere. guarantee a competitive and performancerelated salary dependent on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 40. 572, gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement. foster a work environment in where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success we live diversity!. INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: FullTime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5147089, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Group IT International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105922319966unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstegroupit. com
Internship: Verification of test patterns for integrated circuits, Internship: Verification of test patterns for integrated circuits. At a glance. In your new role you will verify tests for the lab or the production tester in a digital simulation environment. In this job you will have close cooperation with digital designers, lab and test engineers.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Internship. Job ID. 25825. Start. immediatelyType. Part time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. In your new role you will verify tests for the lab or the production tester in a digital simulation environment. In this job you will have close cooperation with digital designers, lab and test engineers.Start: 01. 03. 2018. Parttime employmentThis position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is EUR 1. 333, gross p. m. (fulltime basis).Profile. We are looking for a student at technical university or university of applied science in electronics, computer science, telematics or similar.You are best equipped for this task if you have:Experience with digital simulationverification on Cadence platform. Good English and German language skills. Are well organized with an ability to work independently and proactively. Are highly motivated with a cando mentality and flexibility. Please attach the following documents to your application:Your CV. Your motivation letter. Certificate of matriculation at a university. Latest study transcript. Final Matura certificate. About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, INTERN, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5147170, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Internship: Application programming for PreSilicon Verification, Internship: Application programming for PreSilicon Verification. At a glance. We are looking for motivated students with the willingness to learn new things and work in a challenging environment. This specific job is suitable for students with technical studies in the field of Software Engineering (or comparable).Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Internship. Job ID. 25652. Start. immediatelyType. Part time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. Mixed signal verification is a big part of modern microchip development. Split of the verification into a pre and post silicon shows a dramatically increase of the presilicon verification part over last years. Main reason for this is the increase of microchip production cost, especially for submicron technologies. Within a presilicon verification, the design is stressed and tested under different conditions. Therefore various simulation runs are setup in a so called regression environment.Target of this work would be to support the presilicon verification team in terms of programming and scripting tasks for further automation of regression environment and data post processing.Field of activity:Become familiar with the Infineon UNIX RD pre silicon verification environment. Programming tasks:Perl scripting. JavaScript (HTML CSS) programming. GUI development (QtGTK). Documentation. Start: 01. 03. 2018 Parttime employmentThis position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is EUR 1. 333 gross p. m. (fulltime basis).Profile. We are looking for motivated students with the willingness to learn new things and work in a challenging environment. This specific job is suitable for students with technical studies in the field of Software Engineering (or comparable).You are best equipped for this task if you have:Programming skills. Scripting tasks. Are fluent in English, German would be appreciated. Are a team player with strong interpersonal skills and have the ability to work with various interfaces. Are well organized with an ability to work independently and proactively. Are highly motivated with a cando mentality and flexibility. Please attach the following documents to your application:Your CV. Your motivation letter. Certificate of matriculation at a university. Latest study transcript. Final Matura certificate. About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.The central RD organization xe2x80x9eDesign Enabling and Services (DES) provides the design environment to the different Infineon product development teams. With stateoftheart design methods, building blocks and a wide range of product development services DES supports Infineons advanced IC development from early high level system models to verified products ready for manufacturing.Apply now!. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, INTERN, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5147183, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Embedded Software Developer for Automotive (fm), Embedded Software Developer for Automotive (fm). At a glance. You live up to high quality standards and strive for continuous improvement? You think ahead and like to develop and implement effective solutions? You think and act in a cooperative way? As an Embedded Software Developer, your main focus will be the design of embedded software architectures for microcontrollers based products, which are integrated in various cars all across the globe. You will support the product development from feasibility study till product ramp up. Interacting with application engineering you will define new ideas and will drive the software requirements break down, architecture definition and implementation.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 25602. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Drive the design and development of software components for microcontrollerbased products. Maintain software source code, requirements and documentation throughout the development cycle. Define and execute test cases for unit and integration testing. Support silicon bring up and system validation on application hardware and support the application team. Support the systemonachip (SoC) product definition, embedded software architecture and hardwaresoftware interface. Contribute to Infineon embedded software methodology and network with other experts. Profile. You are personally committed to the customers concerns and award them a high priority. You communicate openly, coherently and clearly and are capable of building trustful relationships. As team player, you support and encourage your colleagues to succeed.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent. Ideally at least 3 years of experience in Firmware or Embedded Software Development, experience in Automotive would be a plus. Proficiency in languages like CCGood experience with source code control system like GIT or SVN. Experience with verification methodology like unit testing or model based verification. Knowledge in using measurement equipment for testing debugging (e. g. Oscilloscopes, Logic Analyzer, Protocol Analyzersxe2x80xa6) would be a plus. Familiarity with embedded microcontrollers (hardware interrupt handling, embedded resource constraints). Experience in Agile methods would be a plus. Fluency in English, German proficiency is appreciated. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.The Infineon affiliate DICE (Danube Integrated Circuit Engineering) in Linz is a dynamic and fastgrowing company in the field of microelectronics, with a strong focus on research and development. DICE is focusing on highfrequency integrated switching circuits for automotive applications using stateoftheart BipolarRFCMOS semiconductor technologies as well as on complex mixed signal ICs that are used in high frequency radar applications (7779 GHz).In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5147186, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Embedded Software Architect for Automotive (fm), Embedded Software Architect for Automotive (fm). At a glance. You live up to high quality standards and strive for continuous improvement? You think ahead and like to develop and implement effective solutions? You think and act in a cooperative way? As an Embedded Software Architect, your main focus will be the design of embedded software architectures for microcontrollers based products, which are integrated in various cars all across the globe. You will support the product development from feasibility study till product ramp up. Interacting with application engineering, you will define new ideas and will drive the software requirements break down, architecture definition and implementation.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 25601. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Support product definition, embedded software architecture and hardwaresoftware interface by analyzing system relevant customer requirements and translating them into embedded software specific requirements. Be responsible for design and development of software components and units for microcontrollerbased products. Maintain software source code, requirements and documentation throughout the development cycle. Define and execute test cases for unit and integration testing. Support silicon bring up and firmware validation on application hardware and support the application team. Contribute to Infineon Firmware methodology and network with other embedded software experts within Infineon. Profile. You are personally committed to the customers concerns and award them a high priority. You communicate openly, coherently and clearly and are capable of building trustful relationships. As team player, you support and encourage your colleagues to succeed.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Computer Science or equivalentAt least 5 years of experience in Firmware or Embedded Software Development, experience in Automotive would be a plus. Proficiency in languages like CCGood experience with source code control system like GIT or SVN. Experience with verification methodology like unit testing or model based verification. Familiarity with embedded microcontrollers (hardware interrupt handling, embedded resource constraints). Knowledge of Automotive Functional Safety (ISO 26262), Automotive SPICE or similar standards would be a plus. Experience in Agile methods would be ideal. Fluency in English, German proficiency is appreciated. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.The Infineon affiliate DICE (Danube Integrated Circuit Engineering) in Linz is a dynamic and fastgrowing company in the field of microelectronics, with a strong focus on research and development. DICE is focusing on highfrequency integrated switching circuits for automotive applications using stateoftheart BipolarRFCMOS semiconductor technologies as well as on complex mixed signal ICs that are used in high frequency radar applications (7779 GHz).In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5147187, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Senior AnalogMixed Signal Verification Engineer (fm), Senior AnalogMixed Signal Verification Engineer (fm). At a glance. As a Senior AnalogMixed Signal Verification Engineer you will be an integral part of the AMS Verification group working on planning, developing, and executing presilicon verification.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 25486. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Work within the multidisciplinary team to verify the functionality and performance of our IP blocks and SoCs for Radar components and systems. Define the verification procedure and requirements in close cooperation with the design, validation teams, as well with ATE test and application engineers. Specify and drive the system level verification plan. Align and track the implementation of testbenches and stimuli generation according to the verification plan. Implement behavioral models and verification environments. Run simulations, analyze results and conduct verification reviews to ensure that functional requirements are met. For each phase of verification, report and communicate proactively about the status, the risks and issues. Investigate for new methods and techniques of functional verification on both theoretical and practical levels. Profile. You are convincing by the fact that you are a team player and active driver and want to get things done. You work well under stress, are flexible and want to be employed in a demanding field of work.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A Master degree from a Technical University or University of Applied Sciences in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mechatronics or equivalent. Expertise in analog and mixedsignal SOC verification for at least 5 years. Experience with Cadence Virtuoso, Incisive, AMSDesigner, VerilogAMS. Experience with behavioral modelling languages like VerilogA, Verilog AMS, VerilogHDL, SystemVerilog and SystemC. Knowledge of scripting languages such as Python, PERL, Ruby and Matlab. Good knowledge of analogRF circuits, digital and embedded systems. Significant work experience with Cadence AMS Designer verification flow. Strong fundamental knowledge of analog circuits and ability to write analog behavioral models is a must. Selfdriven, able to work independently while coordinating with analog and digital block designers. Must be willing and able to learn new technology. Strong knowledge and experience in RTL verification and HDL test bench creation using VerilogSystem and VerilogVHDL is beneficial. Knowledge with latest RTL verification methodologies like OVM, UMV is a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.The Infineon affiliate DICE (Danube Integrated Circuit Engineering) in Linz is a dynamic and fastgrowing company in the field of microelectronics, with a strong focus on research and development. DICE is focusing on highfrequency integrated switching circuits for automotive applications using stateoftheart BipolarRFCMOS semiconductor technologies as well as on complex mixed signal ICs that are used in high frequency radar applications (7779 GHz).In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5147195, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Concept Engineer (fm) for sensing principles and their sensor elements, Concept Engineer (fm) for sensing principles and their sensor elements. At a glance. In this position you will be responsible for the concept engineering of sensor elements and sensor systems, including the analysis and definition of requirements for new sensor technologies, as well as development and specification documentation.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 25430. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will be responsible for:Sensing technology for converting a physical quantity into electrical quantities, including the analysis and definition of requirements for new technologies, products and sensor systems.Creation and maintenance of specification documents. Development of system models and prototypes. Creation and review of patents. Contribution to functional safety concepts and dependent influence reduction. Strong interaction with technology development and product development. Alignment of technical solutions with cooperation partners and customers. Profile. You aspire to achieve outstanding results with passion and take the initiative to overcome difficulties in the pursuit of your targets. You generate value with your ideas and solutions and communicate openly, clearly and coherently.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A universityuniversity of applied science degree in ElectricalElectronical Engineering, Applied Physics or comparable. Experience in the semiconductor business. Experience in system modeling using Matlab, SystemC, Spice or similar. MS WindowsOffice and Unix skills. Excellent knowledge in sensing principles and semiconductor physicsExperience in functional safety according to ISO26262 is a plus. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us:welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5147198, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Master Thesis: Analysis of bivariate life models for power semiconductor devices, Master Thesis: Analysis of bivariate life models for power semiconductor devices. At a glance. The KAI Competence Center for Automotive and Industrial Electronics is located in the Technology Park Villach. We research and develop for Infineon Technologies Austria, working closely with universities and colleges. To assist the KAITeam in the field of degradation modeling in analyzing the reliability of power semiconductor devices, we are looking for a student to analyze bivariate life models for power semiconductor devices. Location. Villach. Entry level. Thesis. Job ID. 25001. Start. nowArt. Full time. Limit. Temporary. Job Description. To predict the reliability of power semiconductor devices, statistical lifetime models are used that describe component aging as a function of thermomechanical stress. The observed failure distribution in cyclic load tests consists of the scattering of the damage process and the scattering of the applied load. This relationship can be modeled with bivariate distribution functions. The challenges are that the influencing variables do not follow the same underlying distribution, since the lifetime model is non-linear and, in addition, censored data has to be taken into account. There is no analytic solution for this combination, so the distributions must be calculated numerically. In this master thesis, efficient solution algorithms for the parameter estimation of the bivariate lifetime model will be investigated and their sensitivity tested. The work is supported and supervised on site by the KAI experts in the field of statistics and modeling of lifecycle. Its tasks include: Understanding the stateoftheart in life modelingLiterature research on efficient numerical methods for the parameter estimation of bivariate distributionsSensitivity analysis of the lifetime model and the solution algorithm. Implementation of the solution algorithm in R. Documentation of the results and writing a master thesisStart: immediately Scope: Full time (38, 5 hoursweek) for 8 monthsThis position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees of the electrical and electronics industry. It is a salary of 1. 766, Euro gross p. m. (Full time basis for students). Your profile. If you are a motivated and committed student in Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science or similar and have the following qualifications, you will be able to meet our requirements: Experience in at least one of the following areas: Statistics, Mathematics, Data Analysis, Data Science or similar. R ProgrammingGood German andor English spoken and written. Social competence in an international environment with students and supervisors at the KAI Competence Center in Villach. Please provide us with the following documents in your application: Letter of motivation. Curriculum vitae. Bachelor certificate. Transcript of records. Matriculation certificate. About us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that does more, is less consumed and available to all. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a future worth living for. We respect the careful use of natural resources and solve societal challenges: Efficient energy use, environmentally friendly mobility and safety in a networked world. Established in 2006, the KAI Competence Center for Automotive and Industrial Electronics is located in the Technology Park Villach. The focus of our research activities is the reliability of power semiconductors from technology to application. Among other things, we are working with our shareholder Infineon Technologies Austria AG on the development of power electronic circuit concepts for reliability investigations under application conditions. Apply online now !. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, OTHER, Villach, Carinthia, AT, 5147218, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Flexible Hours, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstrasse 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Internship: Project Management in RD, Internship: Project Management in RD. At a glance. We are looking for interns to support us in the area of project management for Autonomous Driving Sensor Products. This job is suitable for applicants who are interested in a longterm internship with the willingness to work in a challenging environment within a highly motivated international team facing a high level of responsibility from day one.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Internship. Job ID. 24830. Start. immediatelyType. Part time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. We are looking for interns to support us in the area of project management for Autonomous Driving Sensor Products. This job is suitable for applicants who are interested in a longterm internship with the willingness to work in a challenging environment within a highly motivated international team facing a high level of responsibility from day one. In your new role you will:Collaborate with experienced project managers of largescope projects. Support project managers with administrative and operative tasks in regards to their project planning or execution activities. Take over full responsibility of project tasks (e. g. for areas of reporting depending on your experience). Creating training documents. Various daytoday tasks within the Project Management Office (PMO). Start: 01. 02. 2018 Parttime employment (1530 hours per week)This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is 1. 333, gross p. m. (fulltime basis).Profile. You are best equipped for this task if you have:The ability to thrive in a collaborative team. Intercultural awareness and good communication skills. Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and work independently. High interest in process management process improvementsSome project management experience is an asset. Fluency in English, German is an asset. Basic education in Electrical Engineering, Informatics, Microelectronics, or Computer Science is a plus. Please attach the following documents to your application:Your CV. Your motivation letter. Certificate of matriculation at a university. Latest study transcript. Final Matura certificate. About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, INTERN, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5147223, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Master Thesis: Automatic fault injection in magnetic sensor model, Master Thesis: Automatic fault injection in magnetic sensor model. At a glance. You will develop a new methodology for fault injection in systemC product level modelling of automotive ISO26262 compliant magnetic sensors.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Thesis support. Job ID. 24800. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. You will develop a new methodology for fault injection in systemC product level modelling of automotive ISO26262 compliant magnetic sensors. Product level modelling is generally used in the in different phases of modern electronic products development, in order to improve the design and verification quality as well as the time to market of the product. Most of automotive electronic devices have nowadays to be compliant with ISO26262 standard as far as functional safety is concerned. This implies the necessity of reliable functional safety analysis with proper evidence of the diagnostic coverage. Product level modelling can be exploited in this context as a tool for analyzing the product level effects of internal faults including safety measures ability to detect the faults.Your responsibility:Understanding state of the art for fault injection related to functional safety for automotive electronic devices. Realization of a reusable fault injection methodology in the context of systemC modelling of a product, for typical analog and digital blocks. Realization of a general methodology to use fault injection model results as actual inputs for the quantitative functional safety analysis (quantitative FTA andor FMEDA). Application of the methodology to a practical use case (real product). Start: 01. 03. 2018. Fulltime employment. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is EUR 1. 766, gross p. m. (fulltime basis).Profile. You are a good candidate for this task if you are studying for your Master in a University of Applied Science for a degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Computer Science and you have:Basic knowledge of electronic circuits and sensorsGood experience in programming languages (i. e. C, C, Python). Experience in system modelling and simulation with SW tools (such as Matlab or similar). Ability to work goal oriented and effectively communicate in an interdisciplinary team. Intercultural awareness and interest in developing your carrier in a professional, innovative, multicultural environmentFluent English speakingreadingwriting with GermanItalian skills as a plus. Please attach the following documents to your application:Your CV. Your motivation letter. Certificate of matriculation at a university. Latest study transcript. Final Matura certificate. About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, OTHER, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5147224, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
PhD Thesis: Secure Industrial IoT, PhD Thesis: Secure Industrial IoT. At a glance. During the 3 years thesis sample system implentations in selected Industrial IoT (IIoT) use cases shall be built up ensuring system security by means of correct application of basic security components, role definitons and policies, especially in environments making use of Near Field Communication (NFC), wireless communication channels and mobile devices.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Thesis support. Job ID. 24752. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. When the internet was introduced decades ago, connecting the world was the main focus and security and privacy had to be brought in place much later after painful experience. For the Internet of Things (IoT) it was claimed many times that this should not be repeated.Nevertheless, today many approaches with naive or incomplete security implementations can be observed. Infineon is offering a variety of products to support security in the IoT (infineon. comiotsecurityebrochure), mainly to ensure data integrity, device and user authenticity and confidentiality.During the 3 years thesis sample system implentations in selected Industrial IoT (IoT) use cases shall be built up ensuring system security by means of correct application of basic security components, role definitons and policies, especially in environments making use of Near Field Communication (NFC), wireless communication channels and mobile devices.Based on these implementations a valid projection to the future integration of new cryptographic protocols (e. g. including post quantum cryptography) and methods shall be investigated. Parts of the thesis work will be performed in the framework of the ECSEL project PRODUCTIVE4. 0 productive40. eu conducting research on user authentication and authorization mechanisms by means of two factor authentication protocols according to the fast IDentity Online (FIDO fidoalliance. org) standard and variants thereof.Start: 01. 02. 2018. Duration: 3 years. Type of employment: Fulltime (38. 5 hrsweek). Profile. We are looking for students with the willingness to work in a challenging environment in a highly motivated international team. This specific job is suitable for students with t echnical studies in the field of Computer Science or comparable with training on ITcomputersecurity.Furthermore, you should have experience in the following:Programming in Java. CC. HDLs (VHDLVerilog) as a plus. Good understanding of powerenergybehaviour of integrated circuits. Knowledge in RFID and NFC systems. Knowhow on secure implementation of cryptographic protocols (authentication, signature protocols, key exchangeestablishment). Experience with app programming for mobile operating systems (iOS, Android). Fluent English is mandatory with German as a plus. Please attach the following documents to your application:Motivation letter. Your CV. Copy of your final degree certificate if already available. Otherwise: copy of your latest study transcript. Copy of your final Matura certificate. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is EUR 2. 545, gross p. m. (fulltime basis).About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.Chip Card Security (CCS) addresses the need for reliable, fitforpurpose and easytouse security solutions in an increasingly connected world. The Internet of Things (IoT), which enables communication and data exchange among people, electronic devices and infrastructure, is paving the way for new, usercentric services. These services hinge on reliable digital identification of users and devices, which is why data and IT security are numberone priorities at all critical IoT edge points. This applies across the full spectrum from conventional smart card and ID applications such as SIM and payment cards, to embedded controllers in security applications. Examples of this include the eCall system for contacting emergency services, which is due to become mandatory in the EU in all new vehicles from March 2018 onwards. Hardwarebased security components protect electric systems by ensuring that only authorized devices can connect. As a leader in security technologies with 30 years of experience and indepth system competence, our expertise extends along the entire value chain from consulting and design to system integration and complementary services.Apply now!. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, OTHER, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5147231, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Mining Expert (mw), As a constantly growing company, we are looking for committed employees for our demanding projects, because highly qualified and motivated employees are the basis of our success. As a global software and service provider, we operate in the financial services sector, serving over 2000 institutions worldwide. Here we can name over 70 of the top 100 banks our customers. We are therefore looking for the earliest possible time for our steadily growing Vienna location. MACHINE LEARNING, DEEP LEARNING, DATA MINING EXPERTS (mw). They offer. Completed degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or comparable qualification. In-depth knowledge and practical experience in the areas of machine learning, deep learning and data mining. Ideally, professional experience, dedicated newcomer welcome. Solid knowledge of software architecture and programming. Independent, goal-oriented and systematic approach to new topics. Very good German and English. Strong communication and teamwork. What awaits you here. Challenging tasks at the forefront of technological development. International working environment and top customers. An interesting, varied task area. An innovative and dynamic team. Personal and professional development opportunities. Collaboration in a fascinating growth industry. Salary benefits. We offer compensation starting from EUR 41. 000, depending on experience, qualification and commitment. Attractive social benefits flexible working hours. Professional collegial working environment. SmartStream Technologies Vienna Twin Tower Wienerbergstrasse 11 1100 Vienna Austria. We offer a varied job in an innovative and international environment. A technically as well as organizationally modern work environment offers you ongoing further education opportunities for professional and personal development. We look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your detailed application documents by email to hr @ smartstreamstp. com.smartstreamstp. com. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5149946, Internet, IT, Telecom,, SmartStream Technologies GmbH, kcdn. atcompany157522166626logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Wienerbergstr 11 Twin Tower floor 18, sameAs: smartstream. com
Software Engineer (wm), The Software Competence Center Hagenberg (SCCH) is a center of top-level research at the international level as a COMET competence center. The SCCH focuses on application-oriented research in the fields of data science and software science. Thus, SCCH contributes both to the further development of innovative solutions for the economy and to the further development of the research location Upper Austria. SCCH is an indispensable part of the software park Hagenberg makes a significant contribution to the development of the region. The scientific networking with numerous national and international universities and research institutions provides for additional competencies. SCCH currently has about 65 employees. Software Engineer (wm). Profile. To strengthen our innovative team in xe2x80x9eSoftware Analytics and Evolution  (SAE) we are looking for an enthusiastic junior software engineer (mw) with curiosity and interest in challenging tasks. Her task is to develop software engineering tools in a small team together with the project partners from the industry. This includes the entire software engineering cycle from analysis to implementation. The use of new technologies and new concepts is as much a part of the projects as the evaluation of the solution. The creative environment, variety in the task and exciting insights into different domains offer ideal development opportunities. Requirements. They have. a university degree (Master) in the field of software engineering, computer science, business informatics, or a related field of study with a very good masters thesis. Enjoy the development and design of Java applications. good communication skills, teamwork. German language skills. good English knowledge. You enjoy working in a personal team atmosphere and can fully contribute your strengths in technology, business and science. Independent working methods, teamwork and cooperation with industrial partners are among your strengths. We are looking for creative people and offer varied challenges in industry-related research projects. Our flexible working hours allow for individual coordination of professional and private goals. Are you interested? Apply and convince us! We are looking forward to a conversation. The minimum gross salary is 2,968 euros, 14 times a year, full employment. The actual salary depends on the qualifications of the applicants.We would like to increase the proportion of women in our organization and would be particularly pleased to be able to fill this position with a researcher. Software Competence Center Hageenberg GmbH Dr. med. Klaus Pirklbauer Softwarepark 21 4232 Hagenberg Web: scch. at., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5150065, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruits, Sponsors mentoring program, Flexible working hours, Software Competence Center Hagenberg GmbH, kcdn. atcompany6922486024logosoftwarecompetencecenterhagenberggmbh. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: scch. at
Frontend Developer, At CUBE we develop the online booking platform and analysis tools of tomorrow and plan to disrupt the travel industry. We are looking for a Frontend Developer to join our international team at our headquarters in Vienna.Frontend Developer. Full Time in Vienna. Your role and responsibilities:implement and maintain features on our various UIs. work and grow as a member of the product team. understand business requirements and tranform them into code. optimize user experience. actively participate in our product shaping processes. You have:experience with React, Angular or similar. a solid knowledge of JavaScript. used modern toolchains (babel, webpack,). heard about GraphQL, REST APIs. committed code in Git. English or German language skills. an affinity for design (optional). We offer:a Macbook Pro. a young and talented team which is fun to work with. flexible working hours. a parking spot in the garage. good connections to public transport. Salary:Depending on your experience and skills the salary starts at EUR 40. 000 gross per year based on a fulltime employment. Furthermore, we offer a wide range of interesting challenges outside the main job itself:improve our distributed architecture. build the next line of internal tools. experiment with machine learning. Our tech stack includes Nodejs, PostgreSQL, Docker, Redis, React, RabbitMQ, R, Mailgun, H2O, Drone. io, Laravel, DigitalOcean, Github and Slack (theres more: stackshare. iocubecube).We strongly believe in a microservice architecture, distributed systems and automation of deployment pipelines.Cube Hotelsprojektierungs GmbH zH Christian Kalmar Dresdner Straße 89 1220 Wien Web: mss. system4c. com. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5151094, Gastgewerbe, Tourismus, , CUBE Hotelprojektierungs GmbH, kcdn. atcompany241492583737logogross. companymid. gif, Wien, 1200, Dresdner Strasse 89, sameAs: cubehotels. com
Java Developer (mw) with potential passion, Our customer is a Europe-wide operating, strongly growing IT service provider with high innovative strength. In collaboration with modern open source partners, he designs the digitization of multinational corporations of all industries by developing individual Java software solutions around the topics of big data, modern enterprise portals, Artifical Intelligence and much more. For the location Vienna we are looking for the strong growth to earliest possible entry. Java Developer (mw) with potential passion Write the code of tomorrow !. Vienna center. Your challenge: Conception of Java software solutions in cooperation with customers from different industries (Health, Telecommunication, Automotive, NonProfit, etc.). Independent development of stateoftheart Java Enterprise applications in combination with modern open source partners. Support in implementations of innovative technologies incl. Process consulting. Participation in projects for the evaluation of new technologies with experienced colleagues. Your profile: Completed technical education (HTLUNIFH). First experience in programming with Java andor modern web technologies. Fluent English. High service and customer orientation paired with professional appearance. Traveling. Your chance: fast development path from development to team leadership to software architecture. Projects with modern questions Technologies on the pulse of the time. Paid training Certifications during working hours to the latest software technologies ?. Competent open colleagues who enjoy working together. Long-term full-time employment in an emerging company. Amendment to xc2xa79 (2) Equal Treatment Act: This item is endowed with a full-time market gross salary of between EUR 42. 000 and EUR 60. 000. The payment depends on the applicable collective agreement as well as on the qualification profile dependent overpayment. The last salary agreement in the employment contract will be made during a personal interview. Do you want to become part of an innovative, fast-growing career-looking team? We look forward to receiving your application documents! You will receive feedback within 1 week.UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH. Bernardgasse 2 Top 13. A1070 Vienna. unitis. at. UNITIS Because man is in the foreground. Your contact person at UNITIS Personalberatung. Melissa Wurzer. Senior HR Consultant. Professionals Executives. 431585370024. melissa. Wurzer @ unitis. at., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Wien Zentrum, 5170818, Personnel Services, Training, Flexible Hours, Home Office, UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2776296513logounitispersonalberatung. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1070, Bernardgasse 2 Top 13 (corner Zieglergasse), sameAs: unitis. at
(Junior) Big Data Data Engineer (fm), (Junior) Big Data Data Engineer (fm). TMobile Austria. StellenID: 85335. Land: Österreich. Standort: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Bewerbungsschluss: 31. 05. 2018. Beschäftigungsart: Vollzeit unbefristet. Karrierelevel: Professional. Erforderliche Sprachen: Deutsch. Reisezeitanteil: 0%. Stellenbeschreibung. Are you passionate to develop data pipelines that crunch multiple billions of records per day using cuttingedge technology?Then join the Big Data Platform team at TMobile Austria in one of the most exciting times ever! As a part of Deutsche Telekom AG Europes number 1 telco operator we provide a vibrant workplace full of exciting largescale challenges by bridging the gap between cutting edge technologies, modern and bulletproof production ready applications and stateoftheart research in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Free coffee, ridiculously cheap lunch and chillout area included!. Scope: As a Data Engineer on the Big Data Platform team at TMobile Austria, you are going to transform innovative ideas and experimental prototypes into professional productionready applications to run on our secure Hadoop cluster. Work sidebyside with Machine Learning Researchers and likeminded people to improve existing processes with Big Data recommendations and bring new creative algorithms to production.Your responsibilities:You develop Big Data applications and data pipelines for one of Europes most modern Big Data platform.You transform business requirements into Big Data applications.You work together with Data Scientists to make their code production ready.You improve exciting Big Data applications with new features and analytics.You create maintainable and testable software in Java or Python.You develop tools to facilitate monitoring and alerting of Big Data applications.You automate your work to facilitate deployments and continuous integration.Anforderungen. You hold a BSc or MSc in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or similar field of studies.You have strong knowledge about the fundamentals of HDFS, Hive, Spark, HBase, Kafka, Flink etc. and can use their APIs to develop Big Data applications.You have solid experience writing production ready applications in Java andor Python.You have solid experience in SQL and object oriented programming.You are comfortable using Linux shell.You have good oral and written communication skills in English orand German.You are a motivated team player who can also work independently.You can transform complex business needs and requirements into applications.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is the subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom AG and therefore part of one the most successful communication companies worldwide. As number 1 on the European market, innovation is our essence and we are among the best employers in the country. We inspire our customers. We find easy solutions. We live integrity. We are open to ideas. Outstanding performance is rewarded. It is what brings us and you as an employee to the top. We are T. Rely on us.Work on exciting projects in a motivated and skilled Big Data team while enjoying a familyfriendly atmosphere, flexible working hours and great personal development opportunities. TMobile Austria offers fantastic benefits for all employees. The base salary for this position is starting at 50. 000 EUR and will be adjusted according to your experience, qualifications and engagement. If this sounds good to you, please go ahead and contact us!. Ihre Chance. Work on exciting projects in a motivated and skilled Big Data team while enjoying a familyfriendly atmosphere, flexible working hours and great personal development opportunities. TMobile Austria offers fantastic benefits for all employees. The base salary for this position is starting at 50. 000 EUR and will be adjusted according to your experience, qualifications and engagement. If this sounds good to you, please go ahead and contact us!. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5171424, Internet, IT, Telekom, Essenszulage, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
IT employee data center, the Wüstenrot Datenservice GmbH is one of the largest employers in the area of ​​information technology in the Salzburg area. We operate a modern and efficient data center for the Wüstenrot Group both in Germany and abroad. Join our team as: IT employee data center. Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Ensuring smooth operation, availability and performance. Control, maintain and monitor the systems in the data center and the productive processes. Reliable and rapid analysis and elimination of operational problems. You bring along: Completed technical education (HTL or teaching of information technology) or relevant professional experience in the IT industry. Good general IT understanding. Linux and / or Windows knowledge. Good German and English in spoken and written. Solution-oriented work style and analytical skills. Responsible acting, high willingness to learn, reliability and team spirit. The special feature of this position: Interesting tasks in a modern and versatile IT landscape. Optimal enrollment and training. Various social benefits and attractive additional income opportunities. Desert red group. Wüstenrot Data Service GmbH. Contact person. Michaela Carpenter. Alpine Road 70, 5020 Salzburg. 0570701008979. michaela. carpenter @ Wuestenrot. at. Please apply here. Apply now under desert red. atkarriere. We offer you a remuneration for this position according to the IT collective agreement. The amount of the overpayment depends on the individual work experience, qualification and training. , 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5172457, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Food Allowance, Snacks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Accessibility, Dogs Allowed, Mentor Mentors Program, Parking, Good connection, education and training, child care, employee events, flexible working hours, company pension, employee benefits, supplementary insurance, employee gifts, Wüstenrot Datenservice GmbH, kcdn. atcompany81192129037logowstenrotgruppe. companybig. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, Alpine Road 70, sameAs: desert red. at
Software Developer: Computer Vision (mf), you want to develop innovative computer vision applications for the automotive industry and help to shape future areas such as mobility and autonomous driving? Use your knowledge and skills and, together with our highly motivated team, solve exciting tasks in the areas of autonomous driving and driver assistance. We, the EMOTION3D, develop solutions for real-time analysis of 3D environments. To strengthen our development team in Vienna we are looking for one. Software Developer: Computer Vision (mf). Full time 38. 5 hours. Your tasks with us: You are looking for and testing the latest algorithms in the fields of computer vision, machine learning and 2D3D image analysis for problems in the automotive industry. You design and develop ProofofConcepts and prototypes for 3D environment analysis and guide them together with your team in robust software solutions Set up automated tests and evaluations for your algorithms. Optimize your real-time performance solutions. You should have the following: Completed higher technical education in Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent (University of Applied Sciences). Sound technical understanding of computer vision applications. Several years of experience in software development (C, C). Experience with computer vision frameworks (OpenCV, PCL, etc.). Great interest in current developments in the areas of computer vision and machine learning. Structured and independent way of working from brainstorming to successful implementation. We offer you: the opportunity with your knowledge and ability to help shape innovation and solutions. Teamwork in a highly motivated and experienced team of experts. Exciting projects, as well as challenge and variety in the job. Promotion of your personal and professional development. Flexible design of your working hours. A modern work environment in a central location with good infrastructure. A customary overpayment in addition to the collectively agreed minimum salary of EUR 42,000. Have we sparked your interest? Then send us your application! We are looking forward to meeting you! Florian Seitner 43 699 8192 4912. career @ emotion3d. tv emotion3d. tv. emotion3D GmbH Gartengasse 21Top 3 A1050 Vienna, Austria. career @ emotion3d. tv emotion3d. tv. T 43 1 293 32 63 F 43 1 293 32 63., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5172468, Internet, IT, telecom, fruit, good connection, flexible working hours, emotion3D GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1140233218050logohighreswithshadowlowcomp. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1050, Gartengasse 213, sameAs: emotion3d. tv
IT employee data center, the Wüstenrot Datenservice GmbH is one of the largest employers in the area of ​​information technology in the Salzburg area. We operate a modern and efficient data center for the Wüstenrot Group both in Germany and abroad. Join our team as: IT employee data center. Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Ensuring smooth operation, availability and performance. Control, maintain and monitor the systems in the data center and the productive processes. Reliable and rapid analysis and elimination of operational problems. You bring along: Completed technical education (HTL or teaching of information technology) or relevant professional experience in the IT industry. Good general IT understanding. Linux and / or Windows knowledge. Good German and English in spoken and written. Solution-oriented work style and analytical skills. Responsible acting, high willingness to learn, reliability and team spirit. The special feature of this position: Interesting tasks in a modern and versatile IT landscape. Optimal enrollment and training. Various social benefits and attractive additional income opportunities. Desert red group. Wüstenrot Data Service GmbH. Contact person. Michaela Carpenter. Tel.: 43 57070 100 459. We are looking forward to your online application !. Please apply here. For more information, see Wuestenrot. atkarriere. We offer you a remuneration for this position according to the IT collective agreement. The amount of the overpayment depends on the individual work experience, qualification and training. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5172485, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness Facilities, Company Cars, Accessibility, Dogs Allowed, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking lot, good connections, education and training, child care, employee events, flexible working hours, company pension, employee benefits, supplementary insurance, employee gifts, Wüstenrot Group, kcdn. atcompany82229494442logowstenrotgruppe. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, Alpine Road 70, sameAs: desert red. at
Long-time Flicker of the Future: Attorney at Law (wm) ECommerce, Big Data, Social Media, We are currently supporting an Austrian law firm in the further development of the xe2x80x9eTMT ICT team . For the earliest possible entry we are looking for one. Trainee lawyers (wm). Ecommerce, big data, social media. Why is?. Preparation and verification of contracts related to information and communication technology: software and hardware contracts as well as providers and license agreements. Data protection law (Data Protection Act 2000, EU Data Protection Ordinance, Conception of Non-Disclosure Agreements, Data Protection Law Training, etc.), especially in the development and implementation of data protection concepts. Advice related to ECommerce and Big Data in IT, IP, media and telecommunications law (project contracts, outsourcing, general terms and conditions, etc.). Conception of national international contracts and the legal design of (digital) business models. For our client, we are looking for a graduate (wm) of an Austrian law faculty. Ideally, you could gain at least a year of work experience in a business law firm. However, we would also like to motivate committed lawyers to approach us, who have gained first relevant experience in the field of IT, IP and data protection law within the framework of study-accompanying trainees and internships. Very good knowledge of English (CEFR: at least C1) is required due to the cross-border mandates. Each additional (postgraduate) degree represents a competitive advantage. Are you an ambitious team player? Fantastic! Our client is characterized by team spirit, collegiality, exciting international mandates and the opportunity to work independently. The excellent international network offers experienced lawyers (wm) very good development opportunities for their training as a lawyer (and for future business development). You want to know more about it? Then submit your detailed application, quoting reference number 618. 0226KA, Mr Ingo Dieter JOHAM, joham @ lawyersandmore. You can also contact him for a first confidential contact at 43 664 8850 2813. Privacy is taken seriously by us: Accordingly, we guarantee all interested parties (wm) a maximum of discretion and of course no further activities in the recruiting process, without your explicit authorization. The annual gross salary for trainee lawyers varies between EUR 45,000 and EUR 77,000, depending on the skill profile. Apply online. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5179113, Personnel Services,, l executive search consulting gmbh, kcdn. atcompany8376393315logolmexecutivesearchconsultinggmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Wollzeile 16Top 56, sameAs: lawyersandmore. eu
Engineer Software Development IoT Connectivity (mf), Engineer Software Development IoT Connectivity (mf). Business: GE Power. Job Number: 3065985. City: Jenbach. About Us:This position is based in the center of the Alps, in Tyrol a region that provides a pleasant variety of recreational opportunities and a high quality of life. We are passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. You can expect to join a diverse team, which offers comprehensive and international career opportunities and is known for leadership development. Our 1, 500 employees at our location Jenbach are working in a collaborative way to power the future. GEs reciprocating engines business sets an industry standard for fuel flexibility, lower emissions and higher efficiency. It specializes in developing local power near or at the point of use and gas compression solutions that deliver environmental friendly, more efficient, more affordable power to customers around the world.Role Summary:We are looking for an Engineer Software Development IoT Connectivity (mf). Job #3065985. Essential Responsibilities:Working in the technology department closely with the service engineering, to develop software solutions for RMD, Analytics and Big Data.Use modern software design processes and tools for concept, design validation of software (remote control software, data analytics, engine HMI software and related software tools) for the ongoing development of current products and new products to be introduced in GEJ portfolio.Apply related software development standards, guidelines, design practices and legal instructions to design reliable and compliant products.Provide meaningful software documentation (user manuals, setup instructions, test reports and FAQs).Provide technical input at detailed level to lead and senior engineers for inclusion into guidelines and standard design practices.Organization of software usability tests for commercial software.Work on multiple projects simultaneously, under the supervision and guidance of lead and senior engineers.QualificationsRequirements:Bachelorsmasters degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or related.Working knowledge about software development and testing standards and techniques.Experience in software development in Windows applications (. NET, C# or Java). Experience with data structures, information retrieval, HTTP and TCPIP. Databases (relational andor NoSQL). Experience with LinuxUnix environments and performance analysis. Affinity to design software on a high quality and maintainability level. A valid work permit for Austria is a prerequisite for this position (NonEU citizens: please attach the work permit to the application). Desired Characteristics:Fundamental knowledge regarding software development and related processes (Agile). Experience programming in VBScript, C, XML and Xpath, REST web services, Windows Installer. Familiarity with industrial control SCADA systems. We put great emphasis on providing our employees with recognition, flexibility, competitive and fair compensation, as well as numerous other benefits. According to Austrian law, job postings need to include the minimum salary for a position. For this position, the minimum salary based on the collective agreement is EUR 2785. 54 gross per month. We will be pleased to discuss the appropriate effective salary based on your qualifications and experience.Locations: Austria; Jenbach. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Jenbach, Tirol, AT, 5179156, Mischkonzern, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeitergeschenke, GE Austria, kcdn. atcompany841422066793logo. companymid. gif, Jenbach, 6200, Achenseestraße 13, sameAs: ge. comat
Engineer Software Development IoT Frontend (mf), Engineer Software Development IoT Frontend (mf). Business: GE Power. Job Number: 3065987. City: Jenbach. About Us:This position is based in the center of the Alps, in Tyrol a region that provides a pleasant variety of recreational opportunities and a high quality of life. We are passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. You can expect to join a diverse team, which offers comprehensive and international career opportunities and is known for leadership development. Our 1, 500 employees at our location Jenbach are working in a collaborative way to power the future. GEs reciprocating engines business sets an industry standard for fuel flexibility, lower emissions and higher efficiency. It specializes in developing local power near or at the point of use and gas compression solutions that deliver environmental friendly, more efficient, more affordable power to customers around the world.Role Summary:We are looking for an Engineer Software Development IoT Frontend (mf). Job #3065987. Essential Responsibilities:Working in the technology department closely with the service engineering, to develop software solutions for RMD, Analytics and Big Data.Use modern software design processes and tools for concept, design validation of software (remote control software, data analytics, engine HMI software and related software tools) for the ongoing development of current products and new products to be introduced in GEJ portfolio.Apply related software development standards, guidelines, design practices and legal instructions to design reliable and compliant products.Provide meaningful software documentation (user manuals, setup instructions, test reports and FAQs).Provide technical input at detailed level to senior engineers for inclusion into guidelines and standard design practices.Organization of software usability tests for commercial software.Work on multiple projects simultaneously, under the supervision and guidance of senior engineers.QualificationsRequirements:Bachelorsmasters degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or related.Working knowledge about software development and testing standards and techniques (Unit Tests, TDD). Advanced experience with web applications (JavascriptHTML5). Experience with React and Flux architectures (redux). Ajax and Java Script frameworks such as JQuery, Prototype. Databases (relational andor NoSQL). Experience with LinuxUnix environments, distributed systems, performance analysis. Affinity to design software on a high quality and maintainability level. A valid work permit for Austria is a prerequisite for this position (NonEU citizens: please attach the work permit to the application). Desired Characteristics:Knowledge regarding software development and related processes (Agile). Experience with SASS preferred inuitcss. Experience in software development of server applications with Java. Experience with data structures, information retrieval, HTTP and TCPIP. We put great emphasis on providing our employees with recognition, flexibility, competitive and fair compensation, as well as numerous other benefits. According to Austrian law, job postings need to include the minimum salary for a position. For this position, the minimum salary based on the collective agreement is EUR 3192. 58 gross per month. We will be pleased to discuss the appropriate effective salary based on your qualifications and experience.Locations: Austria; Jenbach. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Jenbach, Tirol, AT, 5179157, Mischkonzern, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeitergeschenke, GE Austria, kcdn. atcompany841422066793logo. companymid. gif, Jenbach, 6200, Achenseestraße 13, sameAs: ge. comat
Engineer Software Development IoT Backend (mf), Engineer Software Development IoT Backend (mf). Business: GE Power. Job Number: 3065980. City: Jenbach. About Us:This position is based in the center of the Alps, in Tyrol a region that provides a pleasant variety of recreational opportunities and a high quality of life. We are passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. You can expect to join a diverse team, which offers comprehensive and international career opportunities and is known for leadership development. Our 1, 500 employees at our location Jenbach are working in a collaborative way to power the future. GEs reciprocating engines business sets an industry standard for fuel flexibility, lower emissions and higher efficiency. It specializes in developing local power near or at the point of use and gas compression solutions that deliver environmental friendly, more efficient, more affordable power to customers around the world.Role Summary:We are looking for an Engineer Software Development IoT Backend (mf). Job #3065980. Essential Responsibilities:Working in the technology department closely with the service engineering, to develop software solutions for RMD, Analytics and Big Data.Use modern software design processes and tools for concept, design validation of software (remote control software, data analytics, engine HMI software and related software tools) for the ongoing development of current products and new products to be introduced in GEJ portfolio.Apply related software development standards, guidelines, design practices and legal instructions to design reliable and compliant products.Provide meaningful software documentation (user manuals, setup instructions, test reports and FAQs).Provide technical input at detailed level to lead and senior engineers for inclusion into guidelines and standard design practices.Organization of software usability tests for commercial software.Work on multiple projects simultaneously, under the supervision and guidance of lead and senior engineers.QualificationsRequirements:Bachelorsmasters degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or related.Working knowledge about software development and testing standards and techniques (Unit Tests, TDD). Experience in software development of server applications with Java. Experience developing APIs and REST web services. Databases (relational andor NoSQL). Experience with data structures, information retrieval, HTTP and TCPIP. Experience with LinuxUnix environments, distributed systems, performance analysis. Affinity to design software on a high quality and maintainability level. A valid work permit for Austria is a prerequisite for this position (NonEU citizens: please attach the work permit to the application). Desired Characteristics:Knowledge regarding software development and related processes (Agile). Experience with Spring boot andor Scala (Spray, Play). Experience with Micro Services architectures (e. g. Kubernetes, Docker). Experience with Statistical and analytic programming design and technologies (Matlab, R, etc. ). Familiarity in dealing with large time series data sets (Big Data). We put great emphasis on providing our employees with recognition, flexibility, competitive and fair compensation, as well as numerous other benefits. According to Austrian law, job postings need to include the minimum salary for a position. For this position, the minimum salary based on the collective agreement is EUR 2785. 54 gross per month. We will be pleased to discuss the appropriate effective salary based on your qualifications and experience.Locations: Austria; Jenbach. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Jenbach, Tirol, AT, 5179158, Mischkonzern, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeitergeschenke, GE Austria, kcdn. atcompany841422066793logo. companymid. gif, Jenbach, 6200, Achenseestraße 13, sameAs: ge. comat
Big Data DevOps Engineer (fm), Big Data DevOps Engineer (fm). TMobile Austria. StellenID: 85336. Land: Österreich. Standort: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Bewerbungsschluss: 31. 05. 2018. Beschäftigungsart: Vollzeit unbefristet. Karrierelevel: Professional. Erforderliche Sprachen: Deutsch. Reisezeitanteil: 0%. Stellenbeschreibung. Are you passionate to build and automate a system that can crunch multiple billions of records per day using cuttingedge technology?Then join the Big Data Platform team at TMobile Austria in one of the most exciting times ever! As a part of Deutsche Telekom AG Europes number 1 telco operator we provide a vibrant workplace full of exciting largescale challenges by bridging the gap between cutting edge technologies, modern applications and stateoftheart research in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Free coffee, ridiculously cheap lunch and chillout area included!. Scope: As a DevOps Engineer on the Big Data Platform team at TMobile Austria, you are going to configure, test and install new services on our secure Hadoop cluster. You will implement automated tasks across multiple distributed environments facilitating the life of our Cluster users. You work sidebyside with Data Engineers and likeminded people to improve existing CICD processes and automate deployments using cutting edgetechnology.Your responsibilities:You develop CICD pipelines for one of Europes most modern Big Data platforms.You collaborate with Data Engineers to facilitate and automate deployments.You improve existing automation tools with new features.You automate everything.You transform ideas into innovative Big Data tools.Anforderungen. You hold a BSc or MSc in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or similar field of studies.You have strong knowledge about the fundamentals of TCPIP, Networking, Firewalls, etc.You know the principles of HDFS, Yarn, Hive, Spark, HBase, Kafka, etc.You have solid experience writing automating tools such as Ansible (preferred), Chef or Puppet.You have solid experience in a scripting language, preferably Python.You have knowledge about IaaS and Container frameworks, such as Cloudbreak (preferred), Docker, Kubernetes or Openshift.You love to automate every manual process.You are comfortable spending most of your day in Linux shell.You have good oral and written communication skills in English orand German.You are a motivated team player who can also work independently.You can transform complex business needs and requirements into applications.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is the subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom AG and therefore part of one the most successful communication companies worldwide. As number 1 on the European market, innovation is our essence and we are among the best employers in the country. We inspire our customers. We find easy solutions. We live integrity. We are open to ideas. Outstanding performance is rewarded. It is what brings us and you as an employee to the top. We are T. Rely on us.Work on exciting projects in a motivated and skilled Big Data team while enjoying a familyfriendly atmosphere, flexible working hours and great personal development opportunities. TMobile Austria offers fantastic benefits for all employees. The base salary for this position is starting at 50. 000 EUR and will be adjusted according to your experience, qualifications and engagement. If this sounds good to you, please go ahead and contact us!. Ihre Chance. Work on exciting projects in a motivated and skilled Big Data team while enjoying a familyfriendly atmosphere, flexible working hours and great personal development opportunities. TMobile Austria offers fantastic benefits for all employees. The base salary for this position is starting at 50. 000 EUR and will be adjusted according to your experience, qualifications and engagement. If this sounds good to you, please go ahead and contact us!. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5179186, Internet, IT, Telekom, Essenszulage, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Data Analyst, Schulmeister Technik IT concentrates on teaching positions in technology, computer science and at the interface to the economy. Our client is the largest research and educational institution in Austria and is looking for a team in Vienna. Data Analyst. The largest research and educational institution in Austria is looking for Data Analystin !. Looking for someone with experience in data warehousing, business intelligence and data analysis. Integrated into the area of ​​finance and controlling, a diversified and attractive area of ​​responsibility awaits you. Your tasks in detail. They take over the modeling and integration of data from the operational systems for analysis in the central BIS system. Definition, development and implementation of data models and reports. Creation, design, commenting and presentation of the stakeholder and management reporting. Implementation of data analyzes and forecasts as well as the preparation of decision aids. Continuous quality assurance of the data and key figures. Administration of Roles and Authorization. Your profile. You have a completed higher education (TU, FH, HTL) in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Statistics or comparable fields. They bring professional experience in data analysis. Knowledge of BI tools. Ideally you have experience with SAP, R, COGNOS and TM1. A high degree of ITand affinity and no fear of large amounts of data. They score with a pronounced analytical and statistical knowhow. They work accurately, independently, solution-oriented and possess Handson mentality. Very good knowledge of German completes your profile. The offer. You work in an exciting environment on interesting, diverse tasks. Collaboration in an ambitious team in a location with very good public accessibility. Opportunity to actively participate and develop in the long term. Depending on qualifications and experience, a salary between EUR 2. 500, and EUR 3. 500, gross per month is offered. Please send us your application to the following e-mail address: technikwien @ schulmeisterconsulting. com with the password: JMUVFDRQ01 or press on xe2x80x9eJETZT APPLY . Advertise now. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5181211, Personnel Services,, Schulmeister Technik IT, kcdn. atcompany1057333191384schulmeistertechnik. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Wächtergasse 1Top 102, sameAs: schulmeisterconsulting. com
Graduate AI and Data Analytics (fm) @ A1, Graduate AI and Data Analytics (fm) @ A1. The graduate program offers you the opportunity to prove yourself with your know-how in exciting and interdisciplinary projects. You will be supported by subject and personality training, buddies mentors, as well as events and training courses to get to know the company and our products. Your task. You assume responsibility for your own work packages in agile and cross-divisional projects at an early stage, thus contributing to the achievement of our strategic goals. You actively contribute your knowledge about the innovative handling of data, artificial intelligence, etc. and provide significant impulses for new and further development They assist in the design and implementation of BusinessIntelligence solutions and create analytical data models for the issues of our internal customers. They understand complex data sets and results in order to support and market use cases. They contribute to the continuous improvement of our data quality .You are actively involved in the A1 Graduate Program, work in workshops and trainings to develop your potential and actively shape the corporate transformation together with your graduate colleagues. Our requirements. You have a university degree or you are about to complete your studies. You are enthusiastic about technological trends and developments (eg: Internet of Things, Smart Home, datadriven services, etc.) and follow the market. You are interested in the conception and implementation of digital transformation projects Designing Innovative Business Models, Ecosystems and TechnologiesYou have a basic understanding of technologies such as Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, etc.You have an affinity to metrics, as well as data analytics, software languages ​​and systems. They have initial experience in business intelligence solutions speak German and English in writing and writingYou have good MS Office knowledge. Your personality. Customer orientation is your top priority You are open to new ideas, love to push topics forward and do not shy away from a bit of chaos. You have excellent analytical skills and creative solutions to complex problems. You work in a structured, self-reliant and highly operational manner. You can clearly communicate complex issues and keep track of you networks with passion. Convince us and start your career with the Graduate Program. For more graduate jobs and more information about the Graduate Program, see a1. netgraduates. Shape the future of Austrias largest telecommunications company! In return, we offer numerous attractive benefits and development opportunities. According to the collective agreement of Telekom Austria AG, the gross annual salary amounts to at least EUR 34. Overpayment is foreseen.We, as A1 Telekom Austria AG, aim to increase the share of women in the entire division and have developed measures to promote women. We are therefore pleased about the interest of women in the advertised position and invite them to apply. There are many opportunities for development in our company! Grab it, unfold and take advantage of your career opportunities. We look forward to you!. Your application. Apply online now on a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5181251, Internet, IT, Telecom, Paten Mentor Program, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Trainee Data Science (mw), Are you looking for a starter for our IT team in St. Johann in Tirol are you ready ?. Internship Data Science (mw). Location: St. Johann in Tyrol. Contract type: full time. Job code: ATSJO502910330012. Application deadline: 31. 05. 2018. Your tasks. You will gain a comprehensive insight into the IT organization of an international industrial company by supporting our experts in the SAP Competence Center in their daily business and projects. Design and development of projects in the field of data science. Your profile. Ongoing study of Business Informatics, at the end of the Bachelors degree or in the Masters program. Ideally, experience with SAP. Knowledge in data analysis, data mining, machine learning. Ideally, experience statistical programming languages. Independence, flexibility and motivation. Good English knowledge. We offer you. a good basis for your start in professional life. The first experiences in the working world often already set the course for the future career. Accompaniment through personal mentors, ongoing feedback discussions and a comprehensive benefit program are a matter of course for us. Furthermore, we offer a motivating internship fee of EUR 1. 500 (38, 5 weeks per KV) and the opportunity to be included in our talent pool. Immediately for a minimum of 4 months. The diversity of our 9,000 employees at 18 locations in 8 countries makes us a living extended family. In our work with wood-based materials, we have a lot in common: the joy of doing things instead of just talking about them. The stability with which we develop. The satisfaction of having done something every day. We are not just looking for employees. We are looking for people who are right for us. >> Apply now. Your contact person. Mrs. Susanne Wallner. FRITZ EGGER GmbH Co. OG. Wood materials. 43 50 600 10156. Awards. More about us. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, INTERN, St. Johann in Tirol, Tyrol, AT, 5182026, Industry, Production, Canteen, Food supplement, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness offers, Mentors Mentoring Program, Parking, Education and training, Childcare, Employee events, Flexible working hours, Company pension plans, Employee benefits, Transportation subsidies, Employee gifts, EGGER More made of wood, kcdn. atcompany7918296861logofritzeggergmbhcoog. companymid. jpg, St. Johann, 6380, Weiberndorf 20, sameAs: egger. com
Software developer Python, greentec services gmbh with branches in Switzerland (Zurich), Austria (Vienna) and Spain (Benissa) is a leading company in the field of technical operation of photovoltaic power plants throughout Europe. We manage a portfolio of plants with a peak output of around 100 MWp in seven European countries. Customer satisfaction and high quality standards are key factors in our industry. Excellent technical know-how, an excellent working atmosphere and motivated employees make up the success of our company. To strengthen our team in Vienna, we are now looking for 38, 5 hours per week, one (s): software developer Python. (38, 5 hours per week). Your tasks: You work as a team on existing and new development project processes in the area of ​​monitoring and analysis of photovoltaic power plants. Development of automated processes for the analysis of renewable energy plants. Supporting development by providing test infrastructure and optimizing automated workflows. Our requirements: You have proven experience in Python software development as well as Linux Open Source knowledge. You have knowledge of databases (SQL, TSDBs). Experience in Machine Learning and Data Sciences desired. System administration skills are an advantage. Rudimentary knowledge in frontend development complete your profile. Your personal abilities: initiative and communication skills. You are open to new ideas and bring your ideas to the team. Reliability. Flexibility. Structured and accurate operation. They speak German and English in spoken and written. In return, we offer you: Participation in the development of new innovations in the analysis of renewable energy plants. A technically exciting and interesting field of activity. Ongoing new open source technologies. An exceptionally friendly working atmosphere with a flat hierarchy. Flexible working hours. Collaboration in a young and motivated team. pleasant working environment with a very good career and continuing education opportunities. If you feel appealed by our requirement profile and want to take on the challenge of shaping an internationally expanding company, please email your complete application documents stating the earliest starting date and your salary expectations (minimum salary EUR 40,000 gross. With readiness to overpayment, depending on qualification and professional experience) to: greentec services gmbh Human Resources Sabrina Kessler sabrina. kessler @ greentecservices. com Web: greentecservices. com. , 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5182780, energy industry, environment,, greentec services gmbh, kcdn. atcompany1113272534869logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1170, Dornbacherstraße 91a25, sameAs: greentecservices. com
Web Application Development Engineer (mf), IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, an Austrian based high tech company, is a leading innovator in the fields of lithography and nanotechnology. We have developed, in partnership with leading players in the global semiconductor industry, a strategically important technology that will enable fabrication of future generations of semiconductor chips. It is our goal to become a global leader in lithographic patterning by leveraging our revolutionary multibeam technology. To strengthen our team for the challenging tasks ahead, we are looking for a. Web Application Development Engineer (mf). Our Software Development department delivers the software for control, monitoring and diagnosis of our tools for semiconductor industry. This software spans a wide range from lowlevel hardwareabstraction to highlevel user interfaces. As a web developer at IMS, you will employ leading edge technologies to develop elegant web applications, which give our products a powerful and userfriendly interface.Responsibilities:Development and maintenance of web applications for production tools in the semiconductor equipment industry, as well as for internal scientific data acquisition. Cooperation with the SW development department and IT to define requirements as well as Integration of existing and new webbased services. Qualifications:Completed higher education in the field of computer science, related fields or relevant professional experience. Very good knowledge of modern fullstack web technologies (e. g. , ES6, D3, Backbone, Angular, React, TypeScript, node. js). Experience with SQL and NoSQL Open Source databases (such as MySql, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch). Knowledge in a higher scripting language (e. g. Python, Ruby). Familiarity with standard workflows in software development (version control, bug tracker, documentation, package management, unit testing). Practical Linux Unix knowledge in desktop, deployment, network and release management. Motivated to identify optimization potentials for existing workflows and to implement automated and userfriendly solutions. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. We offer:An exciting scope of duties in a dynamic high tech company. A young team with short lines of communication. Intensive collaborations with leading international companies. Excellent technical and personal development opportunities. Annual gross salary: starting from EUR 45. 000 according to skills and experience. If you are looking for a demanding and challenging position in a growing high tech company, we look forward to receiving your application, which you can load up online on Careers at ims. co. at. Alternatively please send your rxc3xa9sumxc3xa9 to Peter Hoesle (imsjobs@ims. co. at ).IMS Nanofabrication AG Schreygasse 3 1020 Wien Austria Tel: 4312144894 Fax: 431214489499 imsjobs@ims. co. at ims. co. at. , 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5182833, Industrie, Produktion, Getränke, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeiterprämien, IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, kcdn. atcompany11941422741logoimsnanofabricationag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Schreygasse 3, sameAs: ims. co. at
Experts Innovation Management (mw) Tech Scout, Data Scientist and Senior SWE Wanted !, Experts Innovation Management (mw) Tech Scout, Data Scientist and Senior SWE Wanted !. (Jn 39114) Place of work: Grenzraum OÖBayern, Wels. Our client is a world leader in its industry, known and appreciated for its innovation and high quality products around the globe. Your future role. Together with your colleagues, you are the companys innovation drivers in the newly created Business Unit. We are looking for experts with the following main focus: International Tech Scouting StartUp Development. Data engineering with focus on artificial intelligence. Senior Software DevOps Engineering. They identify and evaluate a wide range of digitization and industry 4. 0. Concepts in terms of their implementation in the company and accompany their implementation to the implementation and the subsequent monitoring.They design strategic roadmaps and action plans for the digital development of the company including selection of new technologies .They offer. Completed higher education with IT or engineering specialization (eg Business Informatics), preferably completed studies (FH, Uni). Professional experience and intrinsic motivation in each topic. Intermediate knowledge of and interest in digitization and industry 4. 0 topics as well as new technologies. Very good knowledge of English. The special thing about this position. Highly exciting and future-oriented design task in the company. Attractive social benefits, flexible working hours and interesting opportunities for further education. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 4,000 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 4000 and EUR 6000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Werner Gruber (43 732 611 221 82), werner. gruber @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Upper Austria, Upper Austria, AT, Bavaria, Wels, Upper Austria, AT, 5188836, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Safety Architect for Autonomous Driving Sensor Products (fm), Safety Architect for Autonomous Driving Sensor Products (fm). At a glance. Being a part of leadingedge autonomous driving systems, automotive sensors must reliably provide exceptional performance to meet the highest safety and security standards. Thats where Infineon comes into play. In this job you will work with global market leaders in the automotive industry to bring new and exciting experiences to billions of people. Together with a highly motivated international team you are developing innovative Lidar sensors to fuel the global autonomous driving trend.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 26046. Start. Apr 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:We responsible for safe system architectures and trustworthy safety concepts. Interact closely with our worldwide customers (Tier 1) on technical solutions. Analyze, define and verify safety requirements for new technologies, packages and products. Cooperate with marketing, application engineering and product development. Pursue the goal of improving the functional safety of our automotive semiconductor products. Profile. You aspire to achieve outstanding results with a passion and take the initiative and overcome difficulties in the pursuit of your targets. You generate value with your ideas and solutions and communicate openly, clearly, and coherently.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A universityuniversity of applied science degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Telecommunications, Applied Physics or comparable. 3 years of experience in the semiconductor business. Good knowledge in device and semiconductor physics. Experience in functional safety according to ISO26262 is an asset. IATF16494 and ASPICE knowhow is a big plus. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group G H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us:welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5188942, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Business Analyst, With more than 2. 5 million customers, BAWAG P. S. K. is one of Austrias largest banks operating under a wellrecognized national brand. The Bank applies a lowrisk, efficient, simple and transparent business model focused on Austria, Germany, and developed markets. The Bank serves retail, small business and corporate customers offering comprehensive savings, payment, lending, leasing, investment, building society and insurance products and services through various online and offline channels. The Bank closely adheres to the retail strategy of focusing on the Austrian market while selectively targeting its international retail lending opportunities. As part of this strategy, the bank has acquired retail mortgage portfolios in Western Europe (UKFrance) in the past two years. BUSINESS ANALYST. Full time or part time (at least 20hw). Your tasks:Participate in the planning, development, deployment and testing of analytics and reporting solutions to support various strategic initiatives, with a focus on an efficient and automated approach. Design and implement advanced data visualizations using action filters, user filters, advanced navigation techniques and LevelofDetail (LOD) expressions with Tableau. Develop deep understanding of product, branch and customer data model write queries and manage data transformation to enable analytics and reporting. Collaboration with business stakeholders to identify business opportunities, product gaps, strategic issues and requirements to develop associated analytical models that deliver useful, actionable insights, or recommendations that could affect growth and profitability. Deploy ongoing monitoring of strategies and their impact on overall performanceprofitability. Your profile:Field of study in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or Electrical Engineering. Ability to represent large, complex sets of data through visual representation. High proficiency with Tableau and other visualization software. Experience with reporting, data management, or data analytics and visualization using market leading commercial and open source tools, including standard and adhoc reporting. Proficiency with SQL and database modeling. Experience with Microsoft Azure cloud platform and in scripting with JavaScript, Python or Unix Shell is a plus. Very good German and English skills. We offer:An exciting task and the opportunity to actively codesign the future of the banking business as an expert or leader in a dynamic time. An environment where men and women can achieve much with selfmotivation and commitment und at the same time create a good compatibility between private and professional obligations. Attractive possibilities for your career and further education as well as numerous social benefits. For this position there is a minimum salary based on a collective agreement for full time of EUR 32. 956, 28 gross per year. Higher salary depends on experience and professional education.Your contact person: Christine Erben. We look forward to receiving your application.Mitten im Leben Ihr Einstieg in die BAWAG P. S. K. jobs. bawagpsk. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, PARTTIME, Vienna, 5190906, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, Kantine, Essenszulage, Snacks, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeiterdarlehen, Zusatzversicherungen, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Mitarbeitergeschenke, BAWAG P. S. K. , kcdn. atcompany422367508logobawagpsk. companymid. gif, Wien, 1010, GeorgCochPlatz 2, sameAs: bawagpsk. com
Lead Developer (mw), Lead Developer (mw). Divide. We want you!. You have an excellent degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics or Mathematics? You can design systems xe2x80x9efrom Scratch  with the end user in mind? You have several years of experience in the technical leadership of EntwicklerTeams? A life without code is not conceivable for you? Then apply as lead developer in an excellent team. Your role. As a lead developer, you design sophisticated software systems and implement them with an agile team. You design system landscapes that are robust, scalable and performant to increase the success of our customers. You are a technological thinker and mentor for younger colleagues. You advise our customers as a technological sparring partner. You can find excellent technological solutions for business issues of different domains. What you bring. You have a lot of experience in Java, Scala, Go or JavaScript. You like to write great code and can use design patterns effectively. You are familiar with frameworks for developing large applications, such as xe2x80x9eSpring  if Java is your language. You bring experience in frontend development with Angular, React or vue. js with. Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery are a matter of course for you. You are familiar with products for building and operating application containers such as Docker, Kubernetes, Consul. You are familiar with cloud-based infrastructures and have worked with a platform like AWS, Google or Microsoft Azure. Our benefits. Highly intelligent colleagues with whom it is fun to solve problems. Demanding projects with leading companies in their industry. Various opportunities for further education through trainings, conferences and coaching. Free space for design, be it at the Innovation FreiDay, in our communities or as a mentor. Promote your involvement in barcamps, at conferences, as a lecturer or author. We offer you a minimum salary of 40,000 euros p. a. or more, depending on qualifications and experience. iteratec is the IT service provider with the highest level of competence. We develop individual software systems (such as car sharing for BMW DriveNow) and are involved in high-tension technology projects such as the MINI Augmented Vision data glasses or the new OttoShop. In addition, we advise on architectural, technological and methodological issues. Your application. Please send us your complete application documents (at least CV) via our application form. xe2x80x82. Apply now. Vienna xe2x80xa2 Dusseldorf xe2x80xa2 Frankfurt xe2x80xa2 Hamburg xe2x80xa2 Munich xe2x80xa2 Stuttgart xe2x80xa2 Wrocxc5x82aw (Wroclaw) xe2x80xa2 Zurich. Career. iteratec. at., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5192115, Internet, IT, telecom, meal allowance, training and education, flexible working hours, iteratec GmbH, kcdn. atcompany509532730203logo. companymid. gif, vienna, 1220, danube city street 11, sameAs: iteratec. at
Analyst Consultant (mw) Focus Automation Financial Services, Are you interested in developing highly specialized solutions for the Financial Services Industry (Financial Risk)? In our diversified and dynamic team, we are looking for a motivated person for managing risk management at banks: Analyst Consultant (mw) Focus Automation Financial Services. Your tasks: Participation in projects for the automation of processes in risk management (Robotic Process Automation). Advice to financial institutions in quantitative questions u. a. Cooperation in conceptual and implementation projects in quantitative risk management with a focus on credit, market, liquidity or operational risk. Development of models for risk measurement using new methods (eg: machine learning, blockchain etc.). Evaluation and audit of financial instruments. Participation in the preparation of publications in the field. Your profile: Graduate in (technical) mathematics, physics or (business) computer science or similar field of study with a corresponding focus. Experience in programming with object-oriented programming languages ​​and / or statistical software (eg: Matlab, R, SAS, VBA, C #, Java, HTML, SQL, JS, VBS, JavaScript.), Testing and debugging of software. First relevant prior experience with a consulting firm and / or financial institution beneficial. Enjoy working with Robotic Process Automation programs. Interest in and ideally experience in the valuation of complex financial products, validation of quantitative techniques and models for measuring bank-related risks. Readiness, flexibility and resilience. Team-capable and self-interested personality with a high willingness to travel. Our offer: Demanding participation in exciting projects for national and international top companies of FSI. High personal responsibility in the context of teamwork. Attractive working environment with flat hierarchies and an open door principle. Targeted career planning and interesting advancement opportunities in a global top company. National and international continuing education programs. You can also imagine working in German-speaking countries? Please note this in your letter of application, we would be happy to advise you on possible applications. Would you like to know more about jobs at Deloitte? Our employees introduce themselves and their work tasks in person. To the videos goesxc2xb4s here.Year gross salary analyst from EUR 37. 100, (All In) depending on professional qualifications and experience. Under appropriate conditions, a significant overpayment is possible. In addition, we offer an attractive package of fringe benefits. What impact does you make ?. Deloitte. atkarriere. About Deloitte. Deloitte Austria is the leading provider of professional services. With 1,350 employees at ten locations, Deloitte serves companies and institutions in the areas of auditing, tax consulting, consulting, financial advisory and risk advisory. Your contact person. MA Annelies Neuwirth, 431537002504 Renngasse 1, 1010 Wien deloitte. at We look forward to receiving your ONLINE application. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5192264, Advice, Food supplement, Drinks, Health measures, Company doctor, Fitness offers, Employee cellphone, Employee notebook, Accessibility, Sponsor mentoring program, Good connection, Training and further education, Childcare, Employee events, Educational leave , Flexible working hours, Home Office, employee benefits, employee bonuses, employee gifts, Deloitte, kcdn. atcompany10132141721logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Renngasse 1Freyung, sameAs: deloitte. at
Analyst Consultant (m) Data Science Financial Services, In the area of ​​Financial Risk, we are looking for a talented person who passionately uses huge amounts of data to help our clients make better decisions! For our diversified and dynamic team, we are looking for a motivated personality: Analyst Consultant (mw) Data Science Financial Services. Your tasks: Working with our young team, you work with datasets and the latest technologies to help our clients implement data-driven strategies. You will see how the insights gained through your work are translated into tailor-made solutions for top contractors from the Financial Services Industry. Your area of ​​responsibility includes u. a. : Complex quantitative analysis and mining of large data sets to generate relevant insights. This includes, for example, xe2x80x9eNext Best Offer, xe2x80x9eCustomer Churn, Fraud Detection, and Digital Strategy Control. Carry out complete end-to-end analyzes including data collection and structuring, definition of requirements, implementation and presentation of results (eg presentations, reports, dashboards, metrics, etc.). Observing new trends or helping to identify opportunities in the marketplace. Participation in the preparation of publications. Your profile: Graduate in (Economic) Computer Science, Statistics, (Technical) Mathematics, Physics or another field of study with a corresponding focus. First relevant prior experience with a consulting firm and / or financial institution beneficial. Enjoy programming with object-oriented programming languages ​​and statistics software (eg Python, R, SAS, VBA, C #, Java,). Statistics and machine learning skills. Experience with databases (eg SQL, Mongo, Redis) and Distributed Computing (including Hadoop, Hive, Spark) is an advantage. Readiness, flexibility and resilience. Team-capable and self-interested personality with a high willingness to travel. Our offer: Demanding participation in exciting projects for leading national and international companies. High personal responsibility in the context of teamwork. Attractive working environment with flat hierarchies and an open door principle. Targeted career planning and interesting advancement opportunities in a global top company. National and international continuing education programs. You want to know more about jobs at Deloitte? Our employees introduce themselves and their work tasks in person. To the videos goesxc2xb4s here.Year gross salary analyst from EUR 37. 100, (All In) depending on professional qualifications and experience. Under appropriate conditions, a significant overpayment is possible. In addition, we offer an attractive package of fringe benefits. What impact does you make ?. Deloitte. atkarriere. About Deloitte. Deloitte Austria is the leading provider of professional services. With 1,350 employees at ten locations, Deloitte serves companies and institutions in the areas of auditing, tax consulting, consulting, financial advisory and risk advisory. Your contact person. MA Annelies Neuwirth, 431537002504 Renngasse 1, 1010 Wien deloitte. at We look forward to receiving your ONLINE application. , 20180315T00: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5192265, advice, meal allowance, drinks, health measures, company doctor, fitness offers, staff cell phone, employee notebook, accessibility, mentoring mentor program, good connection, education and training, child care, employee events, education leave time , Flexible working hours, Home Office, employee benefits, employee bonuses, employee gifts, Deloitte, kcdn. atcompany10132141721logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Renngasse 1Freyung, sameAs: deloitte. at
Senior Developer Java (mf) Cutting edge development!, Senior Developer Java (mf) Cutting edge development!. (Jn 40053) City of occupation: Vienna. Our client is a leading expert in its field, operating internationally. With its headquarters in Vienna it provides ITservices for around 1600 customers worldwide.Your future role. Focus on Data Science, Machine Learning, Big Data and modern web technologies. FullStack development in agile teams (SCRUM). Technologies: i. a. Java 8, OSGi, Spring Boot, Vaadin. Ensure product quality (Continuous Integration and Delivery). Desired qualifications. Successfully completed technical studies. Sound experience of Java and object oriented development. Knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery. Experience with Hadoop and noSQL would be an advantage. The special thing about this position. Work with agile development methodologies. Excellent WorkLife Balance. A lot of attractive benefits for the employees (e. g. 1 day Home office per week, free beverages and fruits, lunch allowance etc. ). Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3200 grossmonth (on fulltime basis). Actual salary Between EUR 3200 and EUR 5000 grossmonth according to qualifications and experience.If you fulfill these criteria and are ready for a challenge, please submit your application online. Your consultant, Konstanze Weißbart (015238207160), konstanze. weissbart@epunkt. com, will contact you promptly upon receipt.Apply now Inserat auf epunkt. com. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5192283, Personaldienstleistung, , epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Trainee Communication Collaboration Services (IDM CCS), Trainee Communication Collaboration Services (IDM CCS). Reference no.67092. Country. Austria. Region. Linz, Salzburg, Vienna, Innsbruck, Graz. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Further information can be found at: atos. netdeataustria.Interressanter, exciting and varied job entry for dedicated HTL and FHAbsolventen! Challenging planning and integration tasks in RealTime and Unified Communication and Collaboration Services. VoIP Platforms and User endpoints. Unified Communication and Collaboration. Video Communication. Multimedia Contact Center. Mobile Enterprise Communications. Industry-specific communication solutions in the field of trading and healthcare. Specific activities include: Planning, implementation, configuration and documentation of customer-specific solutions based on the Unify and 3rdParty Communication Collaboration portfolios. Project management for complex telecommunication projects. Cooperation with external service delivery partners in the realization of the projects. Support of sales and presales in solution design and offer preparation. Problem analysis and implementation of solutions (workarounds, bug fixes, etc.) for incident and problem management. Service Delivery and SLA Management. Traveling (primarily Austria-wide, but also foreign assignments possible). We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR24. 738, full time. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market and adjusted to the actual number of hours worked. Further information. Have we piqued your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application including CV and motivation letter !. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Innsbruck, Tyrol, AT, Graz, Styria, AT, 5198891, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible Working hours, employee benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Data Scientist (wm), UBIMET is one of the leading weather service providers in Europe. With the two founders as managing directors and Red Bull as shareholder, an international team of experts from the fields of meteorology, computer science, physics, biology and geography provides millions of private individuals and companies. Industrial customers with severe weather warnings and other meteorological products. In the course of further global expansion, we are looking for a qualified, committed and independent. Data Scientist (wm) (full time). Your area of ​​responsibility includes the. Collaboration on various WeatherAnalytics projects. Preparation of new data: reading, visualization and execution (automated) quality control. Application, testing and verification of different statistical approaches to concrete problems. Collaborate on creating productive forecasting products. We turn to dedicated personalities. completed a degree in statistics or a degree in natural sciences with a focus on quantitative data analysis and statistics (eg physics, meteorology, mathematics). first work experience in working with real data. methodological knowledge in the areas of data mining, predictive analytics, regression and other state of the art methods. safe handling of large and complex data. very good programming skills in ideally Python, Matlab or R and adept handling of relevant packages (eg scikit learn, pandas). basic knowledge in dealing with Linux operating system (Ubuntu) and Shell. independent, problem-solving-oriented way of working and analytical thinking. Experience in visualization and presentation of results. very good communication and teamwork. We offer you. an interesting and diversified area of ​​responsibility in a highly motivated team. High personal development opportunity in an innovative company. a dynamic and international work environment. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collective agreement minimum salary for a full-time position is 1.809, 09 EUR gross per month. Of course, we are ready to adjust the salary package according to your qualifications and professional experience. If you feel addressed, we look forward to your meaningful application including CV and photo. With just a few clicks, you can apply online and start the sunny side of your career. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5199419, Science, Research,, UBIMET GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17281518826logoubimetgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1220, DonauCityStreet 11, sameAs: ubimet. com
Junior Inhouse IT Consultant SAP FI (mf), Prinzhorn Holding currently has around 6, 600 employees in 15 countries, making it one of Europes market leaders in the recycling, paper and packaging industries. To create a solid basis for further growth, Prinzhorn Group rolls out a new ERP system for all international business divisions.For this important project, managed by the headquarters in 1230 Vienna, we are looking for a dedicated person in order to strengthen our existing team:Junior Inhouse IT Consultant SAP FI (mf). challenging position at an international industrial environment. Tasks:Significant participation in the rollout of SAP module FI in more than 50 legal entities in 15 countries. Handson customizing SAP FI. Preparation of requirements, specifications, test concepts and training documents in alignment with key users. Support and training of keyusers. 2nd Level Support. Requirements:Degree in computer science, economics or equivalent. Customizing experience development of SAP FI in the area of. FIGL General Ledger Accounting (new GL). FIAP Accounts Payable. FIAR Accounts Receivable. FIAA Asset Accounting. Integrative knowledge with other modules (MM, SD, CO). Excellent understanding of SAP landscape and integration with other SAP modules, big picture knowledge essential. Understanding of data transfer between modules and external systems via interfaces. Experience in data migration. Industry experience (manufacturing industry) is beneficial. Fluent in English. You are communicative, teamoriented and follow a solutioncustomeroriented approach. Your willingness to travel (about 30%) rounds up your profile. Our offer:To be part of a strong Austrian enterprise with international production units. Challenging position in a rapidly growing environment. Opportunity to join a successoriented team of local and international experts. Excellent public transport connections (U6) employee parking spaces. Depending on specific qualifications and experience this position will pay from approximately EUR 45, 000, gross per year. If you are interested i. n this position, please send us your meaningful application including your CV and cover letter and your earliest possible starting date referring to the identification number 68. 574. We prefer applications via ISGKarriereportal or via mail. Please visit career. isg. com there you can find a broad range of joboffers.ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A2522 Oberwaltersdorf, Fabriksstraße 122Top 12. Hans Georg Stadlober. M: 43 680 145 35 71, T: 43 2256 21111. eMail: bewerbung. stadlober@isg. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5199485, Personaldienstleistung, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
2nd Level Technical Specialist (mf), Kognitiv is a hospitality technology providing intelligent revenue generating solutions for hotels and hotel groups. The Kognitiv platform enables the hospitality industry to intelligently generate and optimize online revenue activities including direct online booking, distribution to marketplaces, connecting to online travel agencies and connecting to metasearch with one single data input interface. Our guest facing user interfaces are implemented exclusively as JavaScript widgets with jQuery, AngularJS, gulp. js, Sass,and are embedded into our customers existing web presence. Our hotelier facing user interfaces are hosted on our own servers and utilize Bootstrap, Angular 2, TypeScript and other tools to deliver a modern data input interface for our customers. You do QA testing of new features, working closely with our UX Team as well as our backend team seeking to improve conversion and usability. You also support our customers web developers during implementation as and if required. You will make sure our customers get the best possible experience with newly released features. We are looking for a. 2nd Level Technical Specialist (mf). You will.take over 2nd level cases from customer care, resolve case or coordinate communication between development and customer care. responsible for internal requests (Project management, Product management and Sales). active problem solving in cooperation with the internal departments. assist customers with technical questions during setup and integration (layout adaptation, etc. ) which includes also small programming tasks. collect and aggregate problem and bugreports from customer care, analyze validity, solve if possible or hand over detailed analysis to development for resolution. further development of technical documentation and FAQs. You havexe2x80xa6. knowledge of standard web development tools with relevant practice. worked at least to some extent with languages like HTML5, Javascript, XML and JSON. no fear of learning new technologies. relevant job experience or a degree in computer science. experience in working with designers, backend and frontenddevelopers is a plus. experience in working and communicating with customers is a plus but not required. experience in the tourism industry is a plus but not required. We offer.interesting and challenging tasks involving modern technologies within a young and dynamic team. promotion of your professional development. flexible work options. a good work life balance and good working atmosphere. Interested?. We look forward to your application.Please send your application including CV to Martin Petz (jobsqa@kognitiv. com) with the subject OPS 2nd Level Technical Specialist(mf).Only direct applications will be considered. Offers of employment agencies recruiters will not be answered.To the company in accordance with the Equal Treatment Act:For this position we offer, depending on experience and qualifications a gross monthly salary of 2, 400. 00 EUR based on a fulltime employment with readiness of overpayment depending on qualification andor experience.Applicants with disabilities are given priority with the same qualifications and suitability.Seekda GmbH Neubaugasse 1015 1070 Vienna Web: kognitiv. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5199827, Internet, IT, Telekom, , seekda GmbH, a Kognitiv company, kcdn. atcompany187863209323unbenannt. companymid. png, Wien, 1070, Neubaugasse 1015, sameAs: kognitiv. com
Senior Java Developer (mw), Our customer is a Europe-wide operating, strongly growing IT service provider with high innovative power. In collaboration with modern open source partners, he designs the digitization of multinational corporations of all industries by developing individual Java software solutions around the topics of big data, modern enterprise portals, Artifical Intelligence and much more. For the location Vienna we are looking for the strong growth to earliest possible entry. Senior Java Developer (mw) with potential passion. Vienna center. Her challenge: Independent development of stateoftheart Java Enterprise applications in combination with modern open source partners. Support in implementations of innovative technologies incl. Process consulting. Conception of Java software solutions in cooperation with customers from different industries (Health, Telecommunication, Automotive, NonProfit, etc.). Participation in projects for the evaluation of new technologies with experienced colleagues. Your profile: Completed technical education (HTLUNIFH). First experience in programming with Java andor modern web technologies. Fluent English. High service and customer orientation paired with professional appearance. Traveling. Your chance: Paid training Certifications during working hours to the latest software technologies ?. Long-term full-time employment in an emerging company. Fast development path from development through team management to software architecture. Competent open colleagues who enjoy working together. Projects with modern questions Technologies on the pulse of the time. Amendment to xc2xa79 (2) Equal Treatment Act: This item is endowed with a full-time market gross salary of between EUR 42. 000 and EUR 60. 000. The payment depends on the applicable collective agreement as well as on the qualification profile dependent overpayment. The last salary agreement in the employment contract will be made during a personal interview. Do you want to become part of an innovative, fast-growing career-looking team? We look forward to receiving your application documents! You will receive feedback within 1 week.UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH. Bernardgasse 2 Top 13. A1070 Vienna. unitis. at. UNITIS Because man is in the foreground. Your contact person at UNITIS Personalberatung. Melissa Wurzer. Senior HR Consultant. Professionals Executives. 431585370024. melissa. Wurzer @ unitis. at., 20180312T00: 36: 340100, FULLTIME, Wien Zentrum, 5200120, Personnel Services, Training, Flexible Hours, Home Office, UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2776296513logounitispersonalberatung. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1070, Bernardgasse 2 Top 13 (corner Zieglergasse), sameAs: unitis. at
Sales New Media Solutions (mw), Our client is a fully equipped digital agency focused on highly specialized back end development. We are looking for immediate entry to our customer: Sales New Media Solutions (mw). Sales Market Building of Software Solutions. Ad number: 2558. Your field of operation: Vienna. Your tasks: We are looking for an international provider of software solutions, a sales representative (mw) for the expansion of the Austrian market with the following tasks: Sales of individually developed software solutions to end customers. Sales of software development projects in the area of ​​process optimization, outsourcing, web development, data mining, online media, etc.New acquisition (80%) and up and cross selling (20%). Calculation and coordination of tenders and offers. Creation of a sales strategy including implementation of the same. Constant market observation, competition analysis and database maintenance (CRM system). Consistent tracking of sales opportunities. Presentation, solution sales, process analysis. Contract negotiations to completion and ongoing customer support. Close cooperation with international colleagues (PreSales, software developers etc.). active participation in fairs and events. Our requirements: Commercial and / or technical training (HTL, HAK, FH, Uni). Knowledge of Austrian end customers in different industries. At least 5 years experience in sales of IT solutions. Experience in business development or field sales. Professional experience in the distribution of complex IT Telco or software solutions for new customers. Very good understanding of customer processes in different industries (production, trade, logistics, pharmaceuticals). First experience in the management of a (sales) team is an advantage but not a must. Experience with Cloud Themes and Software Licenses. high affinity for IT and / or telecommunication as well as old solutions (Cloud, Saas etc.). Good technical understanding and high technology affinity. Strong sales personality with high implementation power. Communicative, goal-oriented, ambitious and team-able personality. Very good German and English spoken and written. Strong customer and market orientation. Implementation strength, negotiating skills and strong communication skills round off your profile. Offers Benefits: The gross annual salary according to the collective agreement amounts to at least EUR 42,000. Depending on education, qualification and experience, a significant overpayment is possible. In the sense of the Equal Treatment Act, we will apply equally to women and women Gentlemen. Apply now !. Your contact: Markus Roßler. Email: markus. rossler @ vace. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5200146, Personnel Services, Parking, Training, Flexible Hours, VACE Engineering GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5096296667logovaceengineeringgmbhco. companymid. jpg, Linz, 4031, Lunzerstrasse 78, BG 33, sameAs: vace. at
Data Scientist (mw), Data Scientist (mw). Full time 38, 5 hours a week. Are you interested in the interface computer science, statistics, mathematics? With passion and solution-orientation you lead our data science projects to success. These tasks expect you !. Data refinement using statistical and analytical methods. Design and implementation of data mining concepts. Design and implementation of analytical data marts. Enterprise Data Integration (ETL). Your skills!. Graduated in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics (University, FH). Profound statistics and data mining knowledge. Profound handling of data in terms of integration and processing. Communicative and solution-oriented personality. Traveling. We offer you !. Demanding project tasks and work with state-of-the-art technologies. Very good education and training opportunities. A salary corresponding to the qualification and training. Friendly and social environment in a dedicated team. Place of employment Vienna. Apply. Contact Mag. Bettina HaglerRoittner Graben 18, 4020 Linz Email: jobs @ solvistas. com About us Big Data. Business Analytics. Business Intelligence. Visual Analytics. Agile. Scrum. Dashboarding. Shape the future. Benefits. central location. flexible working hours. Home office possible. Health promotion. Further education. familyfriendly. Fruit basket. Corporate events. The collectively agreed monthly gross salary for this position amounts to EUR 2.393, 00. Your actual salary depends of course on your experience and qualification. We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply. solvistas GmbH Austria 43 732 27 27 27 0 xe2x80xa2 jobs @ solvistas. com. Office Linz Graben 18, 4020 Linz. Office Vienna GerhardBronnerStraße 17, 1100 Vienna. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5201143, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Good connection, Flexible working hours, solvistas GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17459421742logosolvistasgmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Graben 18, sameAs: solvistas. com
Business Intelligence Expert (mw), Business Intelligence Expert (mw). Full time 38, 5 hours a week. Are you interested in the interface computer science, statistics, mathematics? With passion and solution-orientation you lead our data science projects to success. These tasks expect you !. Design and implementation of modern selfservice BI platforms. Enterprise Data Integration (ETL). Design and implementation of data warehouse architectures. Your skills!. Graduated in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics (University, FH). Well-founded reporting skills such as IBM Cognos, MS Power BI, SAP Business Objects. In-depth experience with dashboards and WebReportings. Good database system knowledge like MS SQL Server, Oracle or Postgres. Good database programming skills TSQL or PLSQL. Java know-how is an advantage. Communicative, solution-oriented personality. Traveling. We offer you !. Demanding project tasks and work with state-of-the-art technologies. Very good education and training opportunities. A salary corresponding to the qualification and training. Friendly and social environment in a dedicated team. Place of employment Vienna. Apply. Contact Mag. Bettina HaglerRoittner Graben 18, 4020 Linz Email: jobs @ solvistas. com About us Big Data. Business Analytics. Business Intelligence. Visual Analytics. Agile. Scrum. Dashboarding. Shape the future. Benefits. central location. flexible working hours. Home office possible. Health promotion. Further education. familyfriendly. Fruit basket. Corporate events. The collectively agreed monthly gross salary for this job is from EUR 2. 332, 00. Your actual salary depends of course on your experience and qualification. We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply. solvistas GmbH Austria 43 732 27 27 27 0 xe2x80xa2 jobs @ solvistas. com. Office Linz Graben 18, 4020 Linz. Office Vienna GerhardBronnerStraße 17, 1100 Vienna. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5201144, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Good connection, Flexible working hours, solvistas GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17459421742logosolvistasgmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Graben 18, sameAs: solvistas. com
Digital Verification Engineer (fm) for automotive sensor products, Digital Verification Engineer (fm) for automotive sensor products. At a glance. We are the preferred supplier of integrated sensor solutions within the automotive business. Join the team and work on the latest MEMS products, magnetic sensors, pressure sensors, wireless control products, sensor interface ICs for powertrain, comfort and safety applications.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 25935. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. Within Infineons Automotive Sense Control Department we design, verify and bring into high volume production innovative, semiconductor based MEMS products, magnetic sensors, pressure sensors, wireless control products, sensor interface ICs for powertrain, comfort and safety applications. We are the preferred supplier of integrated sensor solutions within the automotive business.To strengthen our team in the area of integrated sensor IC we are looking for a digital verification engineer to focus on developing testbenches using verification programming languages like SystemVerilog.In your new role duties and responsibilities will include:As a digital verification engineer you will take over responsibility for planning and development of an automatic verification environment as well as driving the verification process, debug simulations and progress monitoring. Your responsibility includes the understanding and clarification of design specifications as well as definition and development of the verification plan. Work closely with the design team to ensure that exhaustive verification design and verification goals are achieved. You will also be responsible for offering support and interact with designers and verification engineers in multisite projects. Profile. You are a team player and focused on delivery. You are motivated by striving for ambitious goals on the one hand and committed to top quality product development on the other hand. As a team player you think and act in a cooperative way and you are able to quickly establish successful cooperation to other teams inside Infineon.You are best equipped for this task if you have:Master degree with focus on electrical engineering, electronics, mechatronics, information and computer science or equivalent. 5 years of relevant professional experience that provided the following knowledge and skills:Experience with a High Level Verification Language (e. g. System Verilog, Specman, Vera). Experience with a Coverage Driven Verification Methodology (OVM, UVM, eRM , VMM etc). Knowledge in CC. Understanding of mixedsignal IC design and behavioral modelling is of advantage. Knowledge of Verilog, VHDL is of advantage. Skills in a scripting language such as TCL, Perl, Python are of advantage. Fluent English skills, German skills are a plus. Team spirit and willingness to cooperate closely with international and crossfunctional integrated project teams. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions. Find out what you like most about Villach and join us: welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5208174, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
VOIP Solution Engineer, ARZ. IT Solutions for Financial Business. The ARZ Allgemeines Rechenzentrum GmbH with its locations in Innsbruck and Vienna is a competence center for IT services (data center operation, development and operation of innovative software applications, SAP Competence Center for banks and healthcare.) For our location Vienna we are looking for a co-worker in the area VOIP Solution Engineer. Referenced Cisco Unified Communication Manager and Innovaphone Cluster VOIP Application Support, Cisco Voxtron Contact Center, Cisco Telepresence, Webex, Cisco Spark, Cisco Jabber, NTW Brokerage, Andtek Group.Advanced and Implementation of VOIP towards Hybrid Cloud RefCode W2018011 Collaboration on projects, VOIP troubleshooting, 2nd level support for customers and employees in the area of ​​VOIP 2nd level support for SIP Trunk connection in the provider area Your qualifications Completed specialist training (eg teaching, technical college, HTL) Very good knowledge of the Cisco VOIP environment ( cis co IOS, Cisco Call Manager from 11. 0). Network, VMWare, min. Windows Server 2012 as well as in the Innovaphone environment. Very good knowledge of the network and firewall area. minute 2 years Cisco Voice operating experience and valid CCNA VoiceCollaboration certification. German English in spoken and written. We expect. Logical-analytical thinking and solution competence. Customer-oriented thinking and communicative openness can be implemented in a highly team-oriented and project-oriented working environment. Willingness to travel, resilience and commitment. Responsibility, reliability and willingness to learn. We offer. An exciting task in a successful and fast-growing company. An interesting and demanding professional challenge using state-of-the-art technologies. Collaboration in a dynamic team. Collective agreement minimum gross wage from 2. 898, EUR p. m. An overpayment depending on qualifications and work experience is possible. Corresponding education and training in the most modern technologies. Variable working time model with overtime pay. Pension fund model, food supplement and a range of social benefits. Online application arz. atkarriere. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5208561, Internet, IT, Telecom,, ARZ Allgemeines Rechenzentrum GmbH, kcdn. atcompany156451686759logoarzallgemeinesrechenzentrumgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Grasbergergasse 13, sameAs: arz. co. at
IT Security Specialist (Junior) mw we develop you into an expert !, Our client is a highly successful and reputed top service company and is one of the players within its industry. High performance and quality standards as well as sustainable corporate growth characterize our customers as an extremely reliable employer. In the course of the positive business development we strengthen the dynamic ITTeam and offer the chance to establish ourselves in this exciting field as. IT Security Specialist (Junior) mw we develop you into an expert !. Growing top service company based in Vienna Southeast (city limits). Tasks. Planning, implementation and review of ITSecurity implementation projects in the local organization in close collaboration with external consultants and the internal IT team. Continuous review of the server and client landscape for any risks. Ensuring xe2x80x9eup to date  ITSecurity tools and solutions. Contact for the IT team or external partners for all topics relevant to IT security. Development and improvement of disaster recovery plans and test scenarios. Analysis of security incidents and deduction of countermeasures and improvement measures. Monitoring compliance with legal and corporate data protection and information security regulations. Requirements. Relevant EDPtechnical education (HTL IT organization or college, technical school or EDP teaching, study Fachhochschule with IT focus). Strong security affinity and ideally first experience in the area of ​​IT security as well as client, server and network area desirable. Good MSOffice skills as well as Share Point Basics. Good written and spoken English knowledge. Strong and professional service and customer focus, sense of responsibility. Strong communication skills, teamwork and a transparent and very precise way of working. Car for the journey of advantage. We offer. Interesting and responsible area of ​​responsibility in a very successful and sustainably growing service enterprise, which is characterized by a very stable and extremely collegial team environment (very good working climate). Possibility within the task area and in close cooperation with the ITTeam and external consulting company to develop further to an IT security expert Gross annual salary of at least EUR 30,000 with willingness to overpay, depending on experience and qualifications, is certainly given. Are you interested in this exciting career opportunity in the field of xe2x80x9eITSecurity? Then we look forward to receiving your detailed application, preferably with a photo, to: ZWÖLFERKALTENBRUNNER Personalberatung xe2x80xa2 Johanna Zwölfer xe2x80xa2 Garnisongasse 7 xe2x80xa2 1090 Vienna, Tel. 43 1 408 66 70 DW 12 xe2x80xa2 Fax. DW 70 xe2x80xa2 jz @ zwoelferkaltenbrunner. at xe2x80xa2 zwoelferkaltenbrunner. at., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Vienna South, Vienna East, 5209910, Personnel Services,, ZWÖLFERKALTENBRUNNER Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany5036296660logozwlferkaltenbrunnerpersonalberatung. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1090, Garnisongasse 7, sameAs: zwoelferkaltenbrunner. at
FHPflichtpraktikantinpraktikant Innovation Management, FHPflichtpraktikantinpraktikant Innovation Management. Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG (OeKB) is Austrias central financial and information service provider for the export and capital markets. Their special services strengthen the location of Austria and support the economy in global competition. In order to strengthen our Innovation Manager and the interface to the StartUp Hub xe2x80x9eweXelerate , where we work as a corporate partner, we are looking for a FHPflichtpraktikantinpraktikanten Innovationmanagement. Requirements. ongoing FH studies focusing on innovation and technology management, digitization, company formation or similar (first) work experience (ideally project work). Interest in new trends and developments (eg big data, data analysis, artificial intelligence, lean startup, lean innovation). Openness with the ability to think outside the box, analytical and solution-oriented thinking. Teamwork and high competence to network with others. very good MS Office knowledge, general interest in IT topics and developments. very good knowledge of English is an advantage. This internship has the purpose to supplement your education as well as to put learned study contents into practice and to give you first impressions and experiences for your further professional career. Among other things, you will gain the following insights: your tasks. Support of the Innovation Manager of the OeKB. Cooperation with startups. Participation in internal and external events. Assistance in preparing documents for the board for decision-making. Taking up and further processing ideas. Cooperation in changing project groups. Networking in OeKB Group and externally. Picking up the impulses of customers and stakeholders. What she expects. an interesting and diversified area of ​​responsibility. many opportunities to contribute your own ideas. an open, motivating working atmosphere. Duration of working time. ideally 46 months full-time (38, 5 weeks) from now until the end of July 2018 or from September 2018. Remuneration. You will receive a monthly internship fee of 1. 550, Euro grossMonth (including special payments). Interested ?. Then we look forward to your meaningful online application. Apply now. , 20180314T00: 35: 340100, INTERN, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5210362, Banking, Financial, Insurance, OeKB Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG, kcdn. atcompany6522296727logooekboesterreichischekontrollbankag. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1011, Am Hof ​​4, sameAs: oekb. at
Data Scientist (wm), Data Scientist (wm). Location (s): Friesach near Graz. Employment: full time. Department: IT. The SSI Schaefer Group is the worlds leading solution provider of modular warehousing and logistics systems and employs over 9,500 people in companies and production facilities worldwide. The IT Powerhouse of the SSI Schaefer IT Solutions Group is the ideal partner to analyze, visualize and visualize intralogistics processes to optimize.With more than 1,000 software experts we develop customer-oriented, individually adapted solutions for intralogistics.Your tasks. After a comprehensive training phase, you fundamentally and / or project-specifically develop new ways and approaches for warehouse-specific forecasts, in particular: forecasting models for intralogistics tasks. Predictive Models for Behavior and Performance Statements. Recognition of different patterns in the storage system area. Dynamic models for warehouse operation. Participation in further innovations for future approaches to inventory management. Leaving the known paths in terms of finding a solution. Active education and training. Your qualifications. Completed mathematics, statistics, (economic) computer science studies or a comparable degree with relevant data science focus. Ideally, basic intralogistics. (Reason) Knowledge of selected libraries in the field of machine learning. Knowledge of an object-oriented programming language, preferably Java. Data model database and SQL programming knowledge of advantage. Analytical, holistic and systemic thinking. Independent and proactive way of working. Well-versed subject-specific English. Your benefits. Family owned company. Secure job. Healthy growth. Big room for maneuver. Employee discounts. Numerous employee events. Comprehensive health management. Lunch subsidy. Flexible working hours. Funded training. Mentoring system. Free parking. Your application. The collective agreement minimum salary for this position, according to KV IT, is EUR 2.393, for 38, 5 hoursweek. However, we offer a market-compliant overpayment depending on relevant work experience and qualifications as well as individual performance. Share with us the passion and enthusiasm for people, systems and technology and send us your complete application documents by email to jobs. Friesach @ ssischaefer. com. SSI SCHAEFER IT SOLUTIONS GMBH Mag Waltraud Kernler HR Business Partner Friesachstrasse 15 8114 Friesach bei Graz. We look forward to receiving your application!. Contact Person. Mag Waltraud Kernler HR Business Partner Phone: 43 3127200 462 Email: jobs. Friesach @ ssischaefer. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Friesach bei Graz, 5210405, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Mentor Mentoring Program, Car Park, Education & Training, Employee Events, FunCorner, Flexible Hours , Company pensions, employee benefits, employee bonuses, employee gifts, SSI Schaefer IT Solutions GmbH, kcdn. atcompany36142716371logossischaefer. companymid. jpg, Friesach near Graz, 8114, Friesachstrasse 15, sameAs: ssischaefer. com
Python Developer (mw), Python Developer (mw). Vienna Austria. Do you want to be the beating heart of our Artificial Intelligence? As Senior Python Developer of ONDEWO your primary focus will be the development of overall architecture, implementation of new functionality and algorithms, and transforming the technology stack into a production ready software solution.RESPONSIBILITIES. Lead role to stabilize, speed up and extend our advanced Pythonbased technology stack. Architecting our technology framework and developing a technology roadmap for the future. Integration of userfacing digital agentchatbot conversational elements. Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code we love to 	ype everything, hence 	ypings. Design and implementation of lowlatency and performant objectoriented Python code. Development and maintenance of data structure and formats that scale. DESIRED QUALITIES. Expert in Python (>4 years) knowledge of object oriented design and programming. University degree in computer science, physics, mathematics or data science a plus. Expert in fundamental design principles behind a scalable Python application. Understanding of the threading limitations of Python, and multiprocess architecture. Strong automated testing skills and code quality mindset. Proficient understanding of software development tools, such as PyCharm, Git, Gitlab, pytest, profiling tools for Python applications and docker as well as devops techniques for Python. Prefered: Knowledge in natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning frameworks such as Numpy, Google Tensorflow, Spacy, NLTK etc.SALARY We pay up to 55. 000 EUR per year monthly salary 3. 928, 57 EURmonth (14x) for a fulltime position and employee stock options dependent on the qualification, education and experience. According to Kollektivvertrag the yearly salary is 45. 740 EUR (monthly salary 3. 267, 14 EURmonth).OUR TEAM Our 7person team has 14 years experience in digitization of large companies at McKinsey Company, over 6 years of developing AI and machine learning software, over 15 years software development expertise and over 3 years of communication and sales expertise. We are passionate to change the world through AI!. WHY ONDEWO? We are a super fun startup that wants to disrupt the service industry through Artificial Intelligence, digital agents, chatbots and digital customer journeys. We offer you plenty of freedom to bring your ideas and creative solutions. Our motto work hard and play hard with a lot of fun in the office and social activities.Apply now and send your CV, reference projects possible start date to office@ondewo. com Please note that we are looking for someone who wants to work in Vienna!. Web: ondewo. com. , 20180313T00: 35: 430100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5211384, Internet, IT, Telekom, , ONDEWO GmbH, , Wien, 1070, Neubaugasse 21229, sameAs:
Medical Specialist Neurology (mw), Merck is a leading science and technology company in the healthcare, life science and performance materials sectors. Around 50,000 people in 66 countries work to develop technologies that enrich the lives of biopharma. ceutical therapies for the treatment of cancer or multiple sclerosis, pioneering systems for scientific research and production to liquid crystals for smartphones or LCD televisions. Medical Specialist Neurology (mw). Your tasks: As a member of the Medical Department, you build up contacts with opinion formers and develop and maintain them. In addition, you will observe the market and provide analyzes of products and active ingredients in the relevant indication area. They carry out literature searches and preparation and work on various medical projects such as Advisory Boards, NIS and Investigator Sponsored Trials (ISTs), training courses, etc. They convey and discuss clinical and scientific data and facts with internal and external target groups. They advise and support marketing in the creation of product strategy and promotional materials and check them for medical science correctness. In addition, you train the sales force and work closely with other departments, such as Market Access, Regulatory or Drug Safety. Her special focus is on the launch preparations of a highly innovative drug in the field of multiple sclerosis. Her qualification: a completed scientific studies (ideally) medicine, veterinary medicine or pharmacy. Many years of experience as a medical manager, medical advisor or similar , ideally in the field of neurology. Experience in the launch of new products. high interest in scientific topics. Teaching experience of advantage. strong analytical and strategic skills. Team spirit. very good communication and social skills. Commitment, motivation. Organizational talent and good time management. good knowledge of English and MSOffice knowledge. What We Offer You: The opportunities to evolve in our growing business are as diverse as our product portfolio. You can expect a modern, international work environment in which you can fully exploit your innovative potential in colorfully mixed teams. We take responsibility for our employees, products, the environment or society. You expect an attractive, performance-based remuneration (the starting salary is around EUR 60,000 per annum, depending on your professional qualifications and experience) as well as extensive social benefits. Curious? Then please apply online at come2merck. de. , 20180316T15: 45: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5211415, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech,, Merck Gesellschaft mbH, kcdn. atcompany63711629467logomerckgesellschaftmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1147, Zimbagasse 5, sameAs: merck. at
Digital Advertising Manager, Digital Advertising Manager. Marketing. Red Bull is the global leader in the Energy Drink category. Red Bulls approach to big data is in developing a smart data strategy which includes innovating Digital Advertising Strategies via Programmatic Advertising and SEM, to evolve advertising from a contextbased to an audiencecentric approach, thereby reaching the target audience in a more targeted, more efficient way, with more relevant messages. Red Bull Data Management Platform (DMP) live in 60 markets will be a key supporting tool for this evolution. In this position, the Digital Advertising Manager will support Head of Programmatic Advertising Data Activation in shaping the Programmatic and Search Strategy for local markets by training and guiding on innovation in datadriven advertising. The Digital Advertising Manager will work closely and collaboratively with the Insights team to translate findings from Red Bulls DMP into actionable insights for local market media plans.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull GmbH. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). Develop Programmatic Search Strategy for Local Market Media PlansDevelop industryleading programmatic and search strategy guidance for 90 markets incorporating latest innovation and capabilities developed in industry. Translate DMP insights into actionable programmatic and search media plans by recommending most suitable tacticstargeting. Demonstration of quantitative and qualitative benefits across WHO (deeper targeting), WHAT (better message optimization) and HOW (more accurate performance measures) of Digital Advertising. Innovate DataDriven Advertising for Red BullDrive innovative programmatic advertising opportunities leveraging cutting edge technology and new platforms, channels, formats, targeting, etc.Develop creative ways to leverage SEM in Red Bull campaigns drive synergy with SEO by looking beyond simple keyword targeting i. e. mobile location targeting, linking offline consumption data automatically in SEM, etc.Leverage data and insights to drive new targeting strategies i. e. dynamic video creative segmentation, messenger bots, etc.Evangelize Data Driven Advertising StrategiesBe the Advertising Teams ambassador for programmatic and search marketing for Programmatic tactics, new SEM strategies, KPIs, etc. , to enable further audience centric advertising. Provide education on best use cases of DMP, CRM, and other data assets available in advertising to HQ teams and markets via webinars, training modules, etc.Your experience includes:(proven performance in). 4 years experience in Digital Advertising with expert knowledge of programmatic advertising and search engine marketing. Experience in DMP utilization integration into media planning required. International campaign execution experience or experience with global brand preferred. Clear understanding of Media Landscape with special focus on Digital supplier and trading market. Strong analytical ability as well as interpersonal skills. Strong ability to communicate with stakeholders on all organizational levels and with different cultural backgrounds, quick learner, selfmotivated and able to work independently. An entrepreneurial cando attitude facilitated by continuous learning and application of appropriate est practices. University degree. Fluent in English. Last year we sold 6 billion cans. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, attn. Susanne Stadler Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See, redbull. atjobs Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1. 595 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5211484, Handel, , Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
IT employeeIT employee for the development and operation of Business Intelligence solutions, because success can only be achieved through cooperation. As a European technology group for construction services, STRABAG annually produces thousands of structures worldwide by gathering the right people, building materials and equipment in the right place at the right time. Without teamwork across geographic boundaries and areas, this would not be possible. Become part of our team. The central service company STRABAG BRVZ GmbH performs all commercial and information technology tasks for the Group companies of STRABAG SE. The Application Support division develops, coordinates, supervises and trains core applications in the international group environment of STRABAG SE. In cooperation with key areas and operational units, we also provide the corresponding standards. We look forward to receiving your application! We are looking for a new one for our location in Vienna. ITemployeeITemployees for the development and operation of Business Intelligence solutions. (JobID: AT2018123541). Tasks: Analysis, conception, design and realization of Business Intelligence and Data Warehouse solutions based on QlikView. Creation of central queries and data models for the acquisition, processing and consolidation of information from different source systems for reports, dashboards and analytical applications in the BI environment. Cooperation with group departments in process analysis, design and design of BI solutions and their documentation. KeyUser support, consulting, maintenance and further development for BIFrontend applications. Application administration (backup, monitoring and tuning of databases and queries, user and authorization management). Preparation and execution of user training for BI applications. Prerequisites: Very good knowledge and understanding of software development and databases in the BI environment, especially in the development of BI applications with QlikView.Practical experience and good knowledge in the areas of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load). Knowledge in software development (eg C #, Java, net). Completed technical or business education related to IT (university entrance qualification, FH or UNI). Distinctive structured analytical working method, process thinking, willingness to learn, self motivation and teamwork. Self-initiative, personal responsibility and commitment. Good English knowledge. We offer you an interesting and demanding job in an international company that promotes commitment and performance, as well as a modern workplace and a pleasant working environment. For this position, an annual gross salary of € 50,000 and above is provided, in addition we offer a market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and experience. Does this describe an environment in which you want to broaden your experience and share your views? Then please send us your complete and meaningful application documents stating your earliest possible starting date via the online form.STRABAG BRVZ GmbH Human Resource Develpoment Daniela Weichsler Ortenburgerstr. 27 9800 SpittalDrauAustria Tel. 43 4762 620101 strabag. at., 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5236370, construction, real estate, building services, health measures, education and training, employee events, STRABAG AG, kcdn. atcompany35711684260logostrabagse. companymid. gif, Spittal an der Drau, 9800, Ortenburgerstrasse 27, sameAs: strabag. at
Solutions Architect, Solutions Architect. Bitmovin, a YCombinator company, is a fast growing privately owned technology leader in video streaming, located in San Francisco, Chicago, Seattle, New York, Sao Paulo, Hong Kong, Vienna and Klagenfurt. The company was founded by the cocreators of international media standards like MPEGDASH, that is used today by Netflix, Youtube, and others. Bitmovins customers include the top media and technology companies worldwide, such as New York Times, RedBull Media House, RTL, Pro7Sat1 and many others. We believe our employees are the most valuable assets of our company. They drive Bitmovins success with their knowledge, experience and passion. Therefore we provide a high degree of freedom to our employees to initiate projects and take on responsibility, while paying a very competitive salary above the average. Working at Bitmovin is international, fastpaced, fun and challenging. We e looking for talented, passionate and inspired people who want to change the way media is consumed online. Join us to develop, sell and market the worlds best video infrastructure for the Web. Responsibilities:Understanding the customers needs and designing flexible and scalable solutions together with the customers. Helping new and existing customers to be successful with the products of Bitmovin. Assisting customers with the architecture of their applications. Building strong relationships with the developers of our customers. Optimize our internal and external documentation and processes. Work closely with other teams to improve our product offerings and messaging around new products. Gain unique insights into how the biggest media and technologies companies worldwide scale and operate using Bitmovin. Making Bitmovin customers wildly successful. Requirements:BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline or equivalent experience. Solid experience in Web development and deployment. Interest in Online Video Streaming. Designing, scaling and monitoring high traffic web applications. Working directly with technical customers as well as thoroughly understanding technical concepts. Experience in one or more modern web languages (Ruby, Python, Node. js, PHP, JavaScript, Java, Scala, Go) in a development capacity. Full professional English proficiency. Benefits:Working with an innovative, fast growing and international team with low hierarchy. Opportunity to make an impact on the multimedia industry, with target markets EU and US. Competitive salary. Flexible work hours. Investment in growth and education. No routines, but new challenging projects with global impact. Free snacks and great coffee. Open spaced office. Regular and fun team activities (hackathons, skiing days, xe2x80xa6). Company laptops also for private use. The opportunity to work for an exciting startup, building innovative video solutions.FullTime, Klagenfurt, Vienna, New York, San Francisco Headquarter, Immediate start. San Francisco xe2x80xa2 Chicago xe2x80xa2 Seattle xe2x80xa2 New York xe2x80xa2 Amsterdam xe2x80xa2 Austria xe2x80xa2 Hong Kong xe2x80xa2 Sao Paulo. bitmovin. comcareers. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, Wien, Wien, AT, New York, San Francisco, 5241769, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Mitarbeiternotebook, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Bitmovin Inc, kcdn. atcompany1084373211322bitmovinstandard20172. companymid. png, Klagenfurt, 9020, Schleppe Platz 7, sameAs: bitmovin. com
Junior Manager Analytics Data Mining (wm), Wanted: Angels who would rather investigate than fly blind. WienNÖBurgenland ÖAMTC Club. Junior Manager Analytics Data Mining (wm). works with full commitment to people and mobility and. works independently on modeling, data mining and analytics projects. independently creates analytical evaluations and reports for gaining information for strategic, marketing and sales-related measures. develops the database for analytics together with internal specialist departments. is passionate about analyzing numbers, data and facts. Do you have what it takes ?. Completed training focusing on data analysis, data mining and statistics. first work experience in database queries and statistical analysis. Excellent knowledge of SPSS and Excel, knowledge of SQL and SPSS Modeler. Location: 1030 Vienna Working Hours: Full time Starting salary: EUR 2. 500 gross month (with willingness to overpayment depending on qualification and experience). Are you ready to start as a Yellow Angel? We look forward to receiving your application!. Jutta Ableitinger, Personnel Development Tel: 43 (1) 7119921376. Apply here !. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5241798, NGO, NPO, Associations, Health Measures, Child Care, Home Office, ÖAMTC, kcdn. atcompany5772348765logoamtc. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1030, Baumgasse 129, sameAs: yellow angel. at
CRM Developer Salesforce (mw), CRM Developer Salesforce (mw). Location Vienna. WE create innovations for our customers and actively shape the future !. Projects can not be exciting enough for you ?. Having a good customer relationship is your top priority? You are looking for a new challenge ?. Become part of our team and support our innovative customer projects in the mobile, cloud, big data, Internet of Things, and cognitive domains. His job: Designing and developing CRM solutions on Salesforce. Collaboration in agile software development teams. Regular coordination with the project teams and the customer. What you should bring with you: IT training (HTL or university degree). Experience with Salesforce or other CRM applications such as Siebel or MS Dynamics CRM. Experience in JavaJEE and Angular. Experience with APEX is desirable. Self-initiative, analytical work, teamwork and communication skills. Excellent knowledge of German and good command of spoken and written English. Your further education is a priority for us. Great training keeps you fit, even those with certification. In our flat hierarchy, you have many options for your personal career path. We offer you exciting projects, flexible working hours, a modern environment and a collective wage agreement from EUR 40. 600 gross year, with willingness to overpayment depending on your qualifications and experience. What you have to do? Simply apply with the keyword: xe2x80x9eCRM Developer Salesforce  directly by email to our recruiting team CICJOBS @ at. ibm. com. We are looking forward to your application!. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5243163, Internet, IT, Telecom, IBM Client Innovation Center Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1103622145962logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1220, DonauCityStreet 7, sameAs: cicaustria. eugb. mybluemix. net
Data Scientist (mf), Porsche Informatik is a subsidiary of Porsche Holding Salzburg, Europexc3xa2(tm)s largest automotive dealer. We are developing the digital future in the markets served by Porsche Holding Salzburg and the Volkswagen Group.Mobility is becoming ever more digital, and Porsche Informatikxc3xa2(tm)s aim is to shape the digitization of automotive trading. On our new Digital Innovation Management team, we are seeking:Data Scientist (mf). Ihre Aufgaben:Designing and developing projects in the field of data science. Collaborating on projects with internal and external partners. Acting as an opinion leader for the projects implemented within the company. Engaging with communities, whether virtually through blog posts or as a speaker at conferences or network events. Driving innovation in the field of data science, applied to the automotive industry. Sie bringen mit:A relevant technical course of study. At least three yearsxc3xa2(tm) experience in data science, machine learning, mathematics and statistics or similar fields. Excellent knowledge of a statistical programming language (R, SAS, etc. ) and other programming languages (Java, C, Python, Perl). Good knowledge of big data analytics tools such as Hadoop, Mahout, MapReduce, Spark or (No)SQL. Experience of common data mining and machine learning algorithms. An understanding of how to visualise complex interrelationships and big data. A passion for new technologies in a rapidly evolving line of business. An outofthebox thinking mindset. Excellent knowledge of German or English (conversational proficiency). Wir bieten:We are offering you the opportunity to play a part in shaping the digitization of automotive trading. In addition to attractive social benefits and global development opportunities, you can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement (CA) and the CA grading commensurate with your individual qualifications and the relevant experience you bring to the position (gross annual salary from EUR 41. 776, ). , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5243336, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Porsche Informatik GmbH, kcdn. atcompany19072346337logoporscheinformatikgmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, LouisePixc3xabchStraße 9, sameAs: porscheinformatik. at
Office Assistent (mf), Our client combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The Company is driving innovations that extract value from material, polymer, chemical and biological science to help address many of the worlds most challenging problems, such as the need for fresh food, safer and more sustainable transportation, clean water, energy efficiency, more durable infrastructure, and increasing agricultural productivity. The company integrated, marketdriven portfolio delivers a broad range of technologybased products and solutions in highgrowth sectors such as packaging, infrastructure, transportation, consumer care, electronics, and agriculture. For the place in Vienna we are looking for an. Office Assistent (mf). Referenz Nr 4751. Aufgaben. Purchasing Admin:create Vendor accounts and PR(Purchase Requisitions) for all running cost, memberships and services, handle invoices (receive, allocate, scan, forward to APAY), follow up on payments. Admin Support for ASO Team:updateterminate memberships, monitor roaming fees (book data packages, buy hardware), give support with new applications, travel arrangements, book conference rooms, arrange team meetings, save driving trainigs. Customer requests:receive emailphone inquiries, forward to account mgrs, followup. AdminOffice Organisation:correspondence inout, purchasing, admin of legal correspondence , maintenance of small office equipment (MFD device, Routers,), monitor and coordinate maintenance works (heating, electricity), filing of documents, correspondence, invoices, mail inout, purchase office supplies and equipment. Admin Support for HRpayroll:create, update, collect and file Absence Reports, sickleave attestations, communicate correspond with PwCEY, LeasePlan, HR Horgen. Focal Point:Health Safety, Fleet. Anforderungen. Requested languages: English and German. Additional requirements: WordExcelPowerpoint. Gehalt. For this position we pay a minimum wage of EUR 1. 620, 00 to 2. 330, 00 pretax for part time 25hweek. We are prepared to exceed depending on qualification and experience.Working time: Monday Friday, 2530hweek. Start date: 15. 03. 2018. Place of Work: Vienna. Jetzt bewerben!. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre aussagekräftige Bewerbung per Mail an folgende Adresse:Nicole Koenig. Adecco Personalbereitstellungs GmbH. Filiale: Wien Office. Mariahilferstrasse 1236. 1060 Wien 43 (0) 5 9911 20600. wien. 160@adecco. at. Weitere interessante Stellenangebote finden Sie auch direkt auf unserer Webseite unter adecco. at. Wir freuen uns Sie kennenzulernen!. Als Weltmarktführer der Personaldienstleister und selbst einer der größten Arbeitgeber der Welt ist es seit über 40 Jahren unsere Aufgabe, Mensch und Arbeit erfolgreich zusammenzubringen!. Sämtliche Bezeichnungen richten sich an beide Geschlechter. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, PARTTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5243377, Personaldienstleistung, , Adecco GmbH, kcdn. atcompany54622980177logoadecco. companymid. png, Wien, 1060, Mariahilfer Straße 1236, sameAs: adecco. at
RA Information Systems Officer MF, Kwizda Pharma GmbH (1160 Vienna) is part of the Kwizda Group and is active worldwide. We focus on developing, manufacturing and promoting innovative brandname overthecounter products as well as medications requiring a prescription. Kwizda Pharma is a futureoriented company and is committed to comprehensively supporting the therapy trends of today via our broad product line. One aspect of this is providing a wide range of products, including brandname products and pharmaceutical drugs for therapeutic treatment, enhancing health and preventing diseases, including cough and cold treatment, bladder health and pain management as well as addressing hypertension, diabetes, osteoporosis and gynaecological conditions.RA INFORMATION SYSTEMS OFFICER MF. eRegulatory Systems Regulatory Operations. Your tasks:Monitor all Regulatory eService legal and technical requirements. Plan strategically ahead on timely implementation of eRegulatory requirements. Develop new eRegulatory processes within Kwizda. Create a bridge between IT and Regulatory Affairs. Support your colleagues in the daily routine with entering and maintaining information to the different eRegulatory applications: CESP, CESSP, Pharos, xEVMPD, SPOR, PSUR Repository as well as Kwizdas internal Regulatory database and all processes. Responsible for trouble shooting with any eRegulatory processes and tools. Administrate eRegulatory systems, processes and data. Prepare highquality submission packages in electronic (eCTD) format. Responsible for the regulatory archive. Assist your colleagues in all Kwizda internal IT applications. Your skills:University degree or similar education with topic on IT or natural science. Experience within Regulatory Affairs andor in ITproject management. Strong ITaffinity, experience with databases, electronic data transfer. Selfmotivated, solution orientated and proactive personality. High level of organisation skills. Flexibility and ability to work under pressure. Fluent in German and English. Our offer:Annual gross salary of a least EUR 40, 000, (allin, fulltime), depending on professional qualifications and experience. Interesting and varied area of responsibility. Collaborating in a very professional and dedicated team. Are you interested? If so, we are glad to receive your application documents.You can send your documents in German or English. Your contact person:Mag Salvatore Campolattano. co Kwizda Holding GmbH. Universitätsring 6. 1010 Wien. Apply now. , 20180316T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5243415, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, , Kwizda Pharma GmbH, kcdn. atcompany13724296953logokwizdapharmagmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1160, Effingergasse 21, sameAs:
Junior Controller (mw), oeticket. com stops: junior controller (mw). We, oeticket. com Austrias market leader in ticketing is looking for committed and event-oriented personalities who would like to share our passion for live entertainment and work in a great working environment and a successful team. Our motto: live you can feel more !. Your challenge: responsibility and further development of sales reporting. Own responsibility for our Austrian companies. Budgeting and support of the strategy process in controlling. Active assistance in monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements. Cooperation in various controlling projects. Your qualification: Completed degree (WU, FH) in finance; ideally with specialization in controlling. Preferably one year of work experience in a comparable position. Excellent MSOffice knowledge (esp. Excel) as well as high IT affinity. Knowledge of ERP systemsBig Data Tools an advantage. Strong understanding of numbers, analytical thinking and a sense of responsibility. Team player with a structured, accurate and independent way of working. Our offer: Autonomous area of ​​activity in an international group environment. Varied and exciting area of ​​responsibility with room for initiative. Active participation in a respectful, young team. Possibility for further education as well as education. This item is subject to an annual minimum basic salary of EUR 35,000, gross. Willingness to overpayment exists and depends on the specific qualification and experience. If you share our values ​​of quality, correctness and reliability, then send us your application documents quoting the number KACO1803 to bewerbung @ oeticket. com. We ask you to indicate the current period of notice as well as the salary requirements. We are committed to a quick processing of your documents !. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5249576, Sport, Leisure,, oeticket (CTS Eventim Austria GmbH), kcdn. atcompany162181810988logooeticketticketexpressgesmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Heumühlgasse 11, sameAs: oeticket. com
Data Science Marketing Business Development (mw), Data Science Marketing Business Development (mw). Company Profile. Our client, one of the largest and most traditional banking groups in Central and Central Europe, is looking for qualified employees for the Customer Intelligence and Analytics department, which is part of the Marketing Business Development division, at the earliest possible time. Area of ​​responsibility. Data Science: Application of Machine Learning and Deep Learing methods to support Marketing, Business Development and Sales. Information is generated from data, eg for the formation of recommender systems or the clustering of customers or products. Determination of customer profiles from behavioral data, creation of analyzes and programs for event detection, dealing with customer life time value, pricing systems, customer behavior analysis Your field of activity. Comprehensive data management of structured and unstructured data for analytics. Execution of an analytical sandbox to identify relevant sales potential. Before and after analyzes of customized marketing campaigns in the optichannel environment to find the right target groups and workflows together with the responsible colleagues. Construction, expansion and support of customizable campaign reports using state-of-the-art techniques such as SASVA or Tableau. Creation of a Digital Contribution Reporting to measure the corresponding KPIs at different levels Collaboration with the contracting department staff from Marketing, BusinessDevelopment or Sales and Management.Data Science and Analytics combines know-how from mathematics, statistics, programming, the latest AIVerfahren with business knowledge and communication skills. Requirements. University degree (UniFH) in the field of data science, (business) computer science or statistics or similar professional experience. Experience in R, Python, SAS or in data analysis with other programming languages. First experience in the application of machine learning methods. Basic knowledge of databases and the application of SQL are required. Experience in data preparation and the handling of visualization tools (SAS Visual Analytics, Tableau, xe2x80xa6) are an advantage. Business management knowledge is an advantage. Interest in analytical tasks. High team and communication skills. Pragmatic, practice-oriented approach. Compensation package. For the role offers our customer a gross annual salary of 60. 000 euros. The possibility of overpayment is given depending on qualifications and work experience. Apply. Job Details. Date: 20180305. Reference: 13593001. Location: Vienna. Employment Type: Permanent. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5249931, Personnel Services, Fruit, Flexible Hours, Home Office, Michael Page International Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5403449990logomichaelpage. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1060, Gumpendorfer Strasse 72, sameAs: michaelpage. at
Energy Manager, Energy Manager. Based in Vienna, smart Energy Personal GmbH is a subsidiary of smart Energy Services GmbH and supports companies in the energy sector in filling positions. In this context, we are looking for a well-known company with a location in Vienna. Energy Manager. It awaits you. Cooperation Market Modeling (Fundamental Model for European Electricity Markets). Data collection, data preparation, data and model programming. Application of the models for generating long-term electricity price scenarios. Statistical analysis and forecast modeling. Analyzes in the field of energy management issues. We expect. Successfully completed studies in (technical) mathematics, statistics, (technical) physics, computer science, economics or similar quantitative (FH) degree programs. Knowledge in the field of optimization Operations Research is an advantage. Knowledge of Data Mining Forecasting. Programming knowledge in at least one of the following languages ​​(GAMS, R, Matlab, Python) as well as database knowledge. Affinity of numbers, interest in the energy industry, IT affinity. Knowledge of the energy industry (in particular of the liberalized electricity market) is an advantage. Good command of English in spoken and written. They like to work in a team and are enthusiastic. We offer. A very interesting activity with high individual responsibility at the leading energy provider in Austria. Our confidence in your abilities. A gross monthly basic salary from EUR 3. 360 depending on the specific qualification and experience plus an individual performance-based salary. This position is limited to 30. 06. 2019. Interested in this task ?. Then we look forward to your meaningful online application! If you have any questions, please contact Ms. Sandra Jankovic (Human Resources Assistant) at 43 153 152 51933 or jobs @ smartep. at your disposal. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5249991, Energy Industry, Environment,, smart Energy Personal GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1080601356554logosmartenergypersonalgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Dietrichgasse 273. OG, sameAs: smartes. at
Senior IT Officer, Applications are solicited for the position of Senior IT Officer at the Joint Vienna Institute (JVI), Vienna, Austria. The JVIan international organizationis a regional training center created in 1992 by Austria, the International Monetary Fund, and several other international organizations. The JVIs objective is to train public sector officials from countries in Central, Eastern and Southeastern Europe, the Caucasus, and Central Asia. Drawing on its longstanding partnerships and the expertise of its member organizations, the JVI offers a unique set of courses, seminars, and workshops, mostly in the area of economics.Senior IT Officer. Job Summary. Under the general supervision of the JVI Deputy Director, the Senior IT Officer has overall responsibility for all IT and AV systems and the JVIs IT team, including overseeing the work of two other IT officers. The JVIs IT and AV system components include: a local area network, servers and backup systems, a security network with firewall and related antivirus software, video conferencing systems, interpretation systems, video surveillance and alarm systems, Windowsbased workstations with Office, an inhouse database of course participants, and internetweb applications. As some infrastructure systems are outsourced, effective management of the contracts with the various service providers is essential. In addition to IT and AV responsibilities, overall management of the JVIs facilities is required, including lecture and workshop rooms, building security systems, telephone systems and airconditioning.Main Duties and Responsibilities. Ensuring that IT systems are effectively protected while maintaining system availability.Administering user network and email accounts, evaluating enduser and systemsrelated problems, and providing solutions through effective incident and problem management.Managing all outsourced service contracts relating to IT and AV services.Preparing and maintaining the IT and AV budget.Assuming the lead oversight andor implementation role for all capital projects related to IT and AV, and a supportive role in the upgrading of facilities.Supervising other IT staff by assigning and tracking related tasks.Managing the training and building facilities, including lecture rooms, AV systems, interpretation systems, telephone systems, security systems, and airconditioning systems.Tracking identified workload indicators (Changes, Incidents and Problems) for inclusion in monthly reports together with key accomplishments.Periodically evaluating IT and AV systems, analyzing the needs of users and providing recommendations for improvement.Liaising with IT staff from the JVIs Primary Members (its main partner organizations, notably the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Austrian National Bank (OeNB), and the Austrian Ministry of Finance (BMF)) to determine and assess strategy, and implement technology solutions needed for integrating systems.Maintaining and enhancing the JVI Database, which is used to support course administration.Coordinating videoconferencing activities.Setting up IT equipment in lecture and workshop rooms according to course requirements.Providing technical system support to end users and responding to system and data requests.Training JVI staff on the use of the JVI Database and other technologies, including preparing the requisite training guidelines and documentation.Qualifications. The position requires a broad set of talents, including the willingness to learn how to use new applications and computer systems. Key qualifications include:Fluent English and a good working knowledge of German are essential. Working knowledge of Russian is an advantage.A university degree in computer science, information systems, or related subjects, or equivalent professional training.Certification in the Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL).Detailed knowledge of server operating systems, MS Exchange, MS SQL, VMWarebased server virtualization and standard computer software packages, especially the MS Office Suite.Experience with migration to and management of Cloud services.Proven experience with database concepts and network management.Familiarity with C# and SQL to help maintain inhouse developed systems with C# frontend user interfaces to SQL backend databases.Ability to work effectively under pressure in a team environment.Excellent team leadership, management, and interpersonal skills, a proven record of working closely with people, and be sensitive towards people from different cultures.At least 5 years of relevant experience, including in an international organization or environment or in an academictraining organization.Salary and Benefits Package. The position is a fulltime, limitedterm appointment, initially for two years with the possibility of renewal. It carries a competitive salary and benefits package. JVI staff members are exempt from immigration restrictions and from registration formalities.The closing date for applications is March 26, 2018. It is expected that the successful applicant will take up hisher post as soon as possible.Interested parties can apply online (in English) via jvi. orgjobs. Please address inquiries to jobs@jvi. org.Joint Vienna Institute Mariahilfer Straße 97, 1060 Vienna Web: jvi. org. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5250093, Bildungswesen, , Joint Vienna Institute, kcdn. atcompany51889821798logojointviennainstitute. companymid. gif, Wien, 1060, Mariahilfer Strasse 97, sameAs: jvi. org
Software Engineers (fm), Adverity makes you smart with data. Created for advertisers and agencies in mind, Adveritys innovative platform enables you to easily connect and work with your entire media, marketing and ecommerce ecosystems. This allinone platform is your perfect 360xc2xb0 marketing intelligence and analytics solution for more efficient reporting and an improved marketing performance. Integrating with every marketing tool across the web and any other place where data is stored, Adverity is the central hub for the successful marketer empowering you to make faster and better decisions. We are looking for an enthusiastic and resultoriented. Software Engineers (fm). Your Qualifications. Very good software development skills (Python, Django, JavaScript). Very good web technology knowledge (React, CSS, HTML). Experience with Linux and database systems. Problemsolving and analytical skills. Ability to work independently under little supervision. Excellent English and German language skills. Willingness to take endtoend responsibility for the services you develop. Completed degree in IT or Engineering is preferred. Your Responsibilities. Designing the architecture and implementation of new products in the field of data connectivity and data science. Development of APIs for our business partners. Optimizing performance across our products. Our Offer. A job in a fun, innovative and dynamic work environment. Working alongside experienced and successful entrepreneurs. Be part of a fastgrowing company with International outlook. Help shape the future of Adveritys Customer Support department. Flexible working hours (including home office). For this position, we offer a starting annual salary starting at EUR 42, 000 of (negotiable based on your level of experience qualifications). Send your application to jobs@adverity. com! We look forward to hearing from you!. Adverity GmbH. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5250583, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Adverity GmbH, kcdn. atcompany845502732886logos. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Musemstrasse 3A2, sameAs: adverity. com
Data Analyst (mw), To support our controlling team of the business unit  Clay Building Materials Europe  (CBME), we are looking for a trainee as. Data Analyst (mw) (full or part time minimum 20 lessons per week). Your tasks. Further development of the budget template for setting up a file collection system for the annual budget and strategic review process of the business unit CBME. Establishment of the basis for future analyzes and visualization of the data of the CBME countries. Controlling the collection of data for the budget process of the country organizations for 2019 and assisting the countries in providing the data for the new database. Validation of the data. Support of the controlling team in data preparation for QlikApps (prototyping). Close coordination with the executive assistant of the CEO CBME and the controlling team. Your profile. Bachelor or Master studies ideally with a focus on mathematics, statistics or economics and finance. Knowledge in data analysis. Excellent MS Office knowledge and database knowledge (especially Excel). Experience with Visual Basic for Microsoft Excel. Excellent mathematical and analytical skills. Very good knowledge of English. Details. We offer interesting insights into the budgeting and reporting processes of the worlds largest brick producer, as well as a challenging position where you can quickly put your personal and methodical skills into action and evolve. The position is located in our Vienna headquarters. The duration of the internship is 6 months. The position is aimed equally at female and male applicants. The gross salary according to the collective agreement is EUR 1. 336, 11 (full-time basis) or we offer a market-conforming payment depending on your qualifications and experience.Your application. Simone Kurz is looking forward to your application !. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, INTERN, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5250884, Industry, Production, Food Allowance, Flexible Working Hours, Occupational Pensions, Wienerberger, kcdn. atcompany29423193775logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Wienerberg City, Wienerbergstraße 11, sameAs: wienerberger. com
Head of IoT Big Data Marketing (mw), Head of IoT Big Data Marketing (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 86082. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 01. 05. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time unlimited. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 025%. Job Description. Is your ability to drive marketing for our IoT business forward? Shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, many career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate in a simple and reliable manner Task here: You are responsible for the operational management of Team IoT Big Data Marketing in order to meet the requirements of the market in the best possible way. Concretely: You take over the personal leadership of the IoT Big Data Marketing Team and show the main responsibility for the achievement of the goals in the Team.Sie take over the operational planning of the portfolio in the IoT Big Data environment. They support the department manager IoT Big Data in the planning of the financials and in the development of the strategy. As a senior manager, they drive the topic of big data on their own responsibility and cross-functional and take on operational tasks. They are responsible for the management of the company Co-operation partners to win customer projects in the IoT big data environment. You have the E2E responsibility for the M2M tariff product portfolio, as well as the partner portfolio management. You are responsible for coordinating the further development of the IoT Big Data platform. Autonomous mobility is a topic in which you and your team to get involved strategically. Cooperations are an integral part of success. They regularly coordinate with Key Stakeholders from International IoT Sales, IoT Big Data Sales, IoT Big Data Technology, Customer Service, Communications and IT. Requirements. You have at least five years of experience in a similar position. You convince through your customer orientation and communication skills as well as your confident, professional demeanor. Very good knowledge of MS Office as well as German and English are of course for you.They have comprehensive know-how in the field of business development, product portfolio and in market management.You think entrepreneurial and networked, take your tasks with enthusiasm in attack and lead your team to peak performance.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the telecom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 300 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. After TelekomKV you earn at least 65,000 euros in this job. How much more is on your paycheck will determine your qualifications, experience and commitment. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 300 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. After TelekomKV you earn at least 65,000 euros in this job. How much more on your paycheck will determine your qualifications, experience and commitment. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5250891, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Attorney Associate Associate (wm) in Digitalization Data, Associate (wm) Digitalization Data. To expand our teams in Vienna, we are looking for dedicated and highly qualified lawyers with relevant prior knowledge in the field of digitization and data. Your future work with us includes a diverse range of tasks: advising international and national clients in data protection law, in particular the preparation for the General Data Protection Regulation. Demanding mandates in the field of data commercialization and data economy as well as in the field of Internet of Things (eg autonomous driving, M2M communication, data analytics) beyond data protection law. Consulting for complex projects in (IT) outsourcing. Demanding projects in the national and international telecommunications environment. Large international MAT transactions in the TMT context. Mandate processing with Legal Tech Tools, for example on the basis of artificial intelligence or document automation. Be inspired by the working atmosphere in a strong and motivated team and benefit from our outstanding national and international training opportunities. You have completed your law degree with great success, are very knowledgeable in IT or have relevant training, appreciate legal creativity, have very good English language skills, entrepreneurial thinking and previous professional or scientific experience in privacy law, data and digitization? Then contact us and we look forward to seeing you! Please send your application with CV and references: Sabine Baresch HR Manager E recruiting. vienna @ fresh fields. com T 43 1 51515 350. Note according to xc2xa7 9 GlBG: There is no collective agreement or legal minimum fee. As a minimum basis for the agreement of the remuneration (with the possibility of the overpayment) is intended an annual salary (gross, allin, in 14 partial amounts) in the amount of 45. 000 euro. Career. fresh fields. at., 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5251002, Law, Taxes, Economics,, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP, kcdn. atcompany16242410699logofreshfieldsbruckhausderingerllp. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Seilergasse 16, sameAs: freshfields. com
Python Developer (mw), iMobility is a startup of ÖBB Holding. Our goal is to give travelers easy access to a wide variety of transport options. To achieve this goal, we develop and operate the Android and iOS app wegfinder. We are user-friendly, transparent, open-minded, professional and respectful. To strengthen our product development team, especially in the area of ​​web services, we are looking for a location in Vienna. Python Developer (mw). full time. Job Description. You will work as a Scrum Developer in our product development team. In the initial phase you will learn our processes and technologies from your experienced colleagues. We expect that you have a high demand on the quality of your work and develop enthusiasm for wegfinder. You work in the team on the implementation of requirements according to specification. You develop and maintain our web services, write automated tests and take responsibility for the operation of the platform over time. University degree in computer science or a comparable degree. Experience in developing software with Python. Secure handling of Git, Linux, HTTP. Understanding Web Technologies and RESTful Web Services. Good written and spoken English knowledge. Professionally desired. Knowledge in agile development with Scrum. Knowledge in dealing with Elasticsearch. First professional experience in professional software development. Professionally a big plus. Practical knowledge in the field of machine learning and / or NumPySciPy. Docker, Kubernetes, test automation. What we offer you. We live the values ​​of the Software Craftsmanship Manifesto. We also have a Barrista selected coffee, and mostly beer in the fridge. As a member of iMobility, you get a MacBook Pro and a company phone for your work. The lunch is co-financed by iMobility, so you can eat healthy and varied. The collective agreement minimum salary for this job is EUR 1. 650 gross. The actual salary level for this position is EUR 2. 300 EUR 2. 800 gross, depending on your qualifications and experience.iMobility GmbH Samuel FerrazLeite (Lead Developer) PrinzEugenStraße 1836 1040 Wien Web: wegfinder. at., 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5251179, Internet, IT, Telecom, Essenszulage, Mitarbeiterhandy, Staff notebook, wegfinder iMobility GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1097123062365logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, PrinzEugen Strasse 1836, sameAs: imobility. at
Scientific Computing Specialist (fm), Grow with us. Support excellent research. IST Austria is a constantly growing international institute for conducting frontier research in the life, physical, and formal sciences, located in Klosterneuburg on the outskirts of Vienna. As employees of the administration and the Scientific Service Units, we strive to support IST Austrias scientists in performing excellent research.Scientific Computing Specialist (fm). FULL TIME. Scientific Computing at IST Austria works closely with our scientists to provide support in the transition of scientific problems into computing solutions. In addition, Scientific Computing provides the infrastructure for running such computations in the form of an HPC cluster to the institute. If you want to support basic research and solve challenging requests from top scientists in their field, apply for this interesting position.Responsibilities. Provide expertise in designing, implementation, running and user support for our high performance computational environment. Provide optimizing and programming support for HPC environments. Stay up to date with international and national developments in the HPC community. Monitor systems, networks and security in our HPC environment. Provide end user documentation and training. Requirements. Masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math or related technical discipline. Acquainted with the installationsetup, upgrades, configuration changes and other requirements for implementing and maintaining HPC systems. Experience with Linux system administration and IT automation. Familiarity with scientific tools and programming languages like Python, Matlab, C, C. Experience with job scheduling and resource management tools (especially SLURM, but PBS and SGE are also fine). Experience with MPI, OpenMP, CUDA and similar libraries is a plus. Some knowledge of TensorFlow, linear algebra libraries and other scientific libraries and methods is very welcome. Experience with HPC network architecture such as InfiniBand is of advantage. Good communication skills and good command of English. IST Austria. Offers challenging positions in a dynamic and growing organization. Supports learning and development. Provides flexible working times and numerous fringe benefits. Promotes an international and open culture. Supports an appreciative and respectful work environment. Values diversity and is committed to equality. Free Shuttlebus for employees (Departing from Heiligenstadt, travel time: about 22 min. ). To apply for this position send your application in one combined pdf (including CV and certificates) by email to: recruiting@ist. ac. at. Are you interested in how your future working place may look like? This video provides a birds eye view of IST Austria. We offer a minimum salary of EUR 47, 000 grossyear, with possible overpayment depending on education, qualification and work experience.Institute of Science and Technology Austria Am Campus 1 3400 Klosterneuburg 43 (0)22439000 0 ist. ac. at. , 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Klosterneuburg, Niederösterreich, AT, Wien, Wien, AT, Wien Umgebung, 5251551, Wissenschaft, Forschung, Kantine, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Zusatzversicherungen, IST Austria, kcdn. atcompany160333269410logo. companymid. gif, Klosterneuburg, 3400, Am Campus 1, sameAs: ist. ac. at
Database developer MS SQL DBProfessional or career starter (mw) with knowhow, As an owner-managed, medium-sized company, our client is one of the recognized players with a broad, highly demand-oriented portfolio in the areas of IT system workflow solutions for demanding customer segments. Our success is essentially based on pronounced customer orientation, flexible solutions, service quality and positioning as a long-term and always reliable partner. We are now looking for an ambitious database developer MS SQL for a task with a high degree of creative freedom. Personal responsibility in close cooperation with our team at the Vienna location. DB Professional or career starter (m) with knowhow. DATABASE DEVELOPER MS SQL. Flat hierarchies Medium-sized IT company. We turn to female candidates with a completed technical education (HTLFH, TU) and in-depth knowledge in database development and optimization, very good SQL knowledge and a good understanding of interfaces and processes (esp. Also commercial ERP). Integrated into our team, you will take on the further development of the MS SQL database of our ERPL solution as a central task and redesign it operationally. As the main person in charge of DBDesign and Programming, you bring with you the clear ambition to evolve as an expert with this long-term internal project. In the future, you will also be dedicated to other exciting projects and tasks. Of course, your know-how as well as your relevant experience in Microsoft SQL programming (development of stored procedures and functions for MS SQL Server) as well as your analytic logic thinking are essential for this responsibility. But it is particularly important to us that you personally fit in with us! In addition to your technical know-how, would you like to take a look outside the box? Are creativity, team spirit, will to learn, common sense and pragmatism part of your personal work style? Then you can look forward to an exciting and long-term role in a small-scale environment with short decision-making channels and room for maneuver. With this position, we offer an interesting, long-term task in a friendly, team-oriented working environment with a relaxed working atmosphere and, of course, our support during your training. The monthly gross salary for this position is at least EUR 2. 800, with the willingness to overpay depending on qualifications and experience. We look forward to receiving your application, which you should send to our personnel consultancy by e-mail or directly by online form for a confidential initial contact.jobs@muellbacher. at MUELLBACHER Personalberatung Fr. Mag Ute Muellbacher Schönbrunner Schloßstr. 47 Orangery Top 64 1130 Vienna, Austria. MUELLBACHER Personalberatung xc2xb7 Human Resources Consulting xc2xb7 muellbacher. at xc2xb7 office @ muellbacher. at Schönbrunner Schloßstr. 47, Orangerie Top 64, 1130 Vienna, Austria xc2xb7 T 43 1 718 13 75 575, F 576., 20180319T00: 35: 480100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5251564, Personnel Services,, Muellbacher Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany5715356668logomuellbacherpersonalberatungmanagementcoaching. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1130, Schönbrunner Schloßstr. 47, Orangery Top 64, sameAs: muellbacher. at
Information Cyber Security Manager Governance and Risk (wm), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Information Cyber Security Manager Governance and Risk (wm). This function is responsible for development and maintenance of the group wide strategic Information Cyber Security risk management and governance program. This function transforms the strategic requirements into processes on group level as well as develops metrics for ongoing performance measurement and reporting. The Information Security Governance and Risk Manager leads and participates in the conceptual design and the management of Information Cyber Security processes and tasks including the definition, maintenance and tracking of security regulations, risk management, definition of mitigating measures, awareness, etc. within RBI Group.What you can expect:Develop and maintain group security regulations (policies and standards) according to established security standards (e. g. ISO 2700x, COBIT, etc. ). Collaborate in defining methodologies for risk identification, evaluation and treatment. Conduct security risk assessments and compliance checks to identify the effectiveness of controls and the derived risk status within RBI Group. Ensure that the Information Cyber Security program is in compliance with internal and external regulations. Analyze and evaluate risks of security relevant changes in projects or runthebank operations as well as identify vulnerabilitiessecurity risks and draw up proposals for improvements andor initiate countermeasures. Participate in security projects (as business representative for Information Cyber Security management). Consult business and IT functions in nonsecurity projects regarding information cyber security risks and the definition of adequate measures.Advice local Information Cyber Security managers of RBI network units on the implementation of group security policiesstandardsguidelines and the effectiveness of security measures. Maintain relationships with key partners within the business units as well as in the Second Line of Defense units. Foster a culture that promotes Information Cyber Security within RBI Group and act as a bridge builder in areas of conflicts. Support establishment and maintenance of group wide security services including cost, contract and vendor management. Research, evaluate and recommend evolving Information Cyber Security topics including upcoming regulatory requirements and develop business cases for investments.Collaborate in security awareness concepts and design of adequate security trainings within the Group and in the Head Office. What you bring to the table:Expert knowledge and experience in Information Cyber Security Management with regards to processes, concepts, methodologies, technologies and products. Have a master degree in securityengineering, computer science or business information systems or adequate practical experience. Knowledge of principles used to manage risks related to the use, processing, storage, and transmission of information or data. Knowledge and experience in project management principles and techniques.Knowledge of network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e. g. application of defenseindepth). Knowledge of incident response and handling methodologies. Knowledge and interest in new and emerging IT and cybersecurity technologies. Practical experience in IT security in large enterprises. Strong coordination and excellent communication and presentation skills within an international environment. Ability for independent decisionmaking and issue resolution. Strong team orientation. Excellent command of written and spoken English, German is an asset. Vendor independent security certifications (e. g. CISA, CRISC, CISSP. ) are an asset. Experience in a large international banking environment is an asset. What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at gross EUR 46, 500. 00 p. a. excluding overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5251806, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Social Media and Marketing Manager, kompany provides realtime, primary company data for KYCAMLEDD and business verification purposes. It connects over 150 government trade and commercial registers worldwide. We are currently looking for a. Social Media and Marketing Manager. to join our Team, based in the centre of Vienna, Austria. The Social Media and Marketing Manager is responsible for managing the companys social media marketing and advertising, including but not limited to deliberate planning and goal setting, development of brand awareness and online reputation, content management and texting, SEO, generation of inbound traffic and cultivation of leads and sales.Responsibilities include:Deliberate planning and goal setting. Development of brand awareness and online reputation. Content management and texting. SEO (search engine optimization) and generation of inbound traffic. Cultivation of leads and sales. Write effective copy in different styles, for websites, twitter, Facebook, Newsletter, Blog, etc. in English and German. Knowledge of writing for Search Engine Optimization (SEO). Administrate the creation and publishing of relevant, original, highquality content. Identify and improve organizational aspects that would improve content (i. e. employee training, xe2x80xa6). Create and manage a regular publishing schedule. Implement a content editorial calendar to manage content and plan specific, timely marketing campaigns. Promote content through social advertising. Minimum qualifications:Bachelors degree in marketing, PR, computer science or similar. Demonstrated experience in social and digital media, which includes being able to measure social media presence. Adobe CS, Typography, Print Design, Photography and Branding experience. Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office, Powerpoint. Basic CSS, HTML Web design and configuration knowledge. Skill set:Good at problem solving and devising inventive and creative solutions.Good at making decisions at the appropriate time.Takes a structured approach to own work.Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain complex matters simply.Analytical ability and attention to detail.Good at reporting the progress of an activity against plan.Skilled at establishing and maintaining relationships with people from a wide variety of backgrounds.Excellent written and spoken German and English is a must, a third language is a great plus.This role is reporting to the CCO and is based in Vienna, Austria. You can expect an exciting environment where work is not just work, inside a great team with handson mentality. Our office is in the centre of Vienna.We design the actual remuneration package based on your experience and qualifications. Due to legal requirements we inform you that the minimum monthly salary according to the applicable collective bargaining agreement is EUR2, 306 gross for a fulltime position.If you would like to be part of a rapidly growing, international team, we are very much looking forward to hearing from you! Please send your application to Johanna Konrad at ateam@kompany. com. 360kompany GmbH Gusshausstrasse 155, 1040 Wien Web: kompany. com. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5252197, Handel, Mitarbeiternotebook, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeiterbeteiligung, 360kompany GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1141203230285kompanylogolinkedinsquare. companymid. png, Wien, 1040, Gußhausstraße 155, sameAs: kompany. com
Senior Software Engineer (mw), Using state-of-the-art technologies, HC Solutions develops innovative BigData solutions in the area of ​​knowledge management and artificial intelligence. To strengthen our team at the Linz location, we are looking for one. Senior Software Engineer (mw). Your tasks. Independent implementation of system components in the context of product development. Assumption of responsibility for technical design and SW architecture. Development of specifications within the analysis and design processes. Support for quality assurance in the field of load and performance testing. Create technical documentation. Your profile. Completed training in Computer Science (Uni, FH) or a comparable field of study. At least 7 years of professional experience in the development of Java backend applications. Very good knowledge of JavaJEE, SW architecture and databases. Good knowledge in the development of REST interfaces and microservices. Great interest in modern technologies and agile software processes. What we offer you. Collaboration in a professional and highly motivated team. SW development using a cutting-edge technology stack. Training opportunities. Career path. Flexible working hours. Corporate events and numerous benefits. Place of employment: Linz. Based on a full-time job (38, 5 hours per week) we offer a gross monthly salary starting from Euro 4.000, 00 (KollektivIT ST2 experience level). With appropriate qualifications and experience, there is a willingness to overpay in line with the market. We are looking forward to your application! By e-mail please recruiting @ hcsolutions. at Contact: Ms. Sabine Bauer Tel.: 43 732 9394 740., 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5252603, Internet, IT, Telecom,, HC Solutions GesmbH, kcdn. atcompany7849386372logohcsolutionsgesmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4030, Dauphinestr. 5, sameAs: hcsolutions. at
Data Analyst (mw), Welcome to EFS !. We are an independent service provider in the vehicle and mobility industry. Our focus is on future technologies and markets. For the past 25 years, we have been supporting our customers from product positioning to product development and production, taking into account all technical and economic aspects as well as organizational conditions. EFS, headquartered in Vienna, conducts projects in Europe, Asia and America. In 2016 we were awarded by the WKO with the export price in silver. Get to know us and become part of our success! We are looking for: Data Analyst (mw). Location: Vienna Full time immediately. Your tasks: Processing and analysis of a customer database. Creation and interpretation of results reports. Carrying out plausibility checks. Conceptual development of the analysis options. Preparation of presentations and method reports for customers. Support of the consultant team. Your profile: Completed study or current studies related to economics (UniFHPostgraduate). Safe handling of numbers and functions. Very good analytical and conceptual skills, structured thinking. Experience in quantitative analysis (PowerUser Excel with PivotTables and database knowledge). Good comprehension and independent, organized and structured working style. Very good German (at least B2) and English spoken and written. Our offer: The opportunity to immerse yourself in the mobility industry. An international environment with global challenges. The chance to develop and contribute your own ideas. The opportunity to get to know the consulting industry and to become a consultant. An appreciative corporate culture and a strong team in which you count as a human being. Targeted education and training programs (internal and external training). We offer an annual gross salary of EUR 35,000 plus attractive benefits. With appropriate work experience and qualification an overpayment is possible. If you want to determine the future of the vehicle industry with us, apply now by email. Contact: career @ efs. co. at or visit us on efs. co. at. EFS Unternehmensberatung GesmbH efs. co. at Driving the Industry Forward. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5252606, consulting, canteen, drinks, company doctor, staff cell phone, staff notebook, dogs tolerated, sponsors mentor program, good connection, education and training, employee events, FunCorner, education leave, flexible working hours , Home Office, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, EFS Unternehmensberatung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany76163103276logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Ungargasse 5961, sameAs: efs. co. at
Product Management (fm) for our SDN solution, Product Management (fm) for our SDN solution. Air Traffic Management Networks. As a leading communication and information solution provider, we operate in mission criticalsafety environments around the world, for example Air Traffic Control, Public Safety Emergency Services, Railways, Defence and Martime. We develop and deliver failsafe, userfriendly, customtailored solutions that empowers our customers to efficiently perform their tasks. Facing new technologies like VoIP, SDN, NFV and big data we are searching for a Product Manager (fm) to manage our failsafe network solutions not available from conventional networks. More information can be found here: youtu. beLj8n187cnAA. Your tasks. demonstrating senior capabilities in leading profitable and commercially competitive product business and the success for a center of excellence of a specific product line. possessing a thorough understanding of the product and solution requirements, markets and competition to define the product line strategy including market segmentation, priorities, product line offering and product road maps, competitor landscape and business cases as applicable. developing a value proposition strategy for product positioning, market messaging, and differentiation in order to drive growth. identifying new offerings (e. g. , security, network management) and market opportunities. cooperation with marketing e. g. analyzing concepts, developing business plans, testing concepts in the market, and preparing product creation decisions and market launch. Your profile. completed higher education (Uni, FH), preferably business mangement, ideally focussed on product management. at least 2 years dedicated experience in product or product business management, ideally in an international environment. being strong in customer orientation and commercial product matters. sound marketingsales experience paired with presentation skills. having strong problem solving attitude. skilled in innovation methodologies, influencing and having leadership skills. What we offer. a high degree of responsibility and the possibility to actively participate in shaping the companys success. the opportunity to develop and implement your own ideas. collaboration in international projects and multicultural teams. worklife balance opportunities (flexible working hours, home office). modern office building, easily accessible (parking, subway,). We are offering an annual gross salary from 45. 000, 00 EUR depending on your qualification and working experience as well as numerous benefits. Together for a safer world become part of Frequentis and apply online now!. Job Details. Location: Wien Date hired: From now on Willingness to Travel: 25% Employment Fraction: Fulltime Contract Type: Employee. Kontakt. Lisa Maria Vesztergom. 43 (1) 81150 1325. TIPS FOR APPLICATION. Apply Online!. frequentis. comcareer. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5253070, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Kinderbetreuung, MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, BildungskarenzAuszeit, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Mitarbeitergeschenke, FREQUENTIS AG, kcdn. atcompany13112093525logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Innovationsstraße 1, sameAs: frequentis. com
Development engineer Data analyst (mw), PALFINGER stands worldwide for the most innovative, reliable and economical cranes for commercial vehicles for loading and unloading, for the transport of building materials, as well as cranes for the positioning of loads and for the towing area. For our assembly, research development center Köstendorf, we are looking for the Crane business unit. Development Engineer Data Analyst (mw) Business Unit Crane. YOUR AREAS OF APPLICATION: Analysis and consolidation of large usage and sensor data. Development of predictive models for the definition of maintenance intervals. Definition and supervision of reliability and wear tests. Cooperation in the pre-development and calculation of new crane systems. YOUR QUALIFICATION: Completed technical education as mechanical engineer (FH, TU). Several years of professional experience in the construction of an advantage. Profound knowledge in CREO is an advantage. SAP knowledge is an advantage. Analytical and cost-conscious thinking. Independent work and teamwork. Foreign language English in spoken and written. WE OFFER YOU: Being a member of a highly motivated and innovative team. A collegial atmosphere in an international company. LifeBalance through flexible working hours and free space for your own ideas. Performance-related wages. Individual training plan during the enrollment phase. Ongoing personal and professional development opportunities. Long-term employment, entry possible now. Voluntary social benefits through our Occupational Health Management PALfit. Good infrastructure, such as free staff parking, train station within walking distance, etc.We offer an attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your work experience and for this position can be significantly above the collective agreement (KVMinimum based on a full-time employment 40. 136, 88 euros gross per year). We are looking forward to your compelling application! Please send them by email to: jobs. peu @ palfinger. com, Palfinger Europe GmbH, formerly Mrs. Tanja Kilga, Moosmühlstraße 1, 5203 Köstendorf. WWW. PALFINGER. COM. , 20180314T00: 00: 000100, FULLTIME, Köstendorf, Salzburg, AT, 5253215, electronics, automation, canteen, meal allowance, snacks, drinks, fruit, health measures, company doctor, fitness offers, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, parking, good connection, off and Further education, employee events, education leave, home office, employee benefits, employee bonuses, supplementary insurance, employee gifts, Palfinger Europe GmbH, kcdn. atcompany144871109439logopalfingereuropegmbh. companymid. gif, Köstendorf near Salzburg, 5203, Moosmühlstraße 1, sameas: palfinger. com
Junior IT Consultant (wm), Junior IT Consultant (wm). Reference no.3532. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna, Salzburg. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. For our team we are looking for a junior IT consultant (mw) either immediately or by appointment at the locations Vienna and Salzburg. As an employee of Newcomers @ Atos you will work from the first day on the customer interface. Her main tasks include: Employment of applications based on standard software solutions. Customer support and handling of customer requests. Implementation of customer wishes in cooperation with the project team. Project collaboration in conception, test or development. You work in a dynamic, innovative team and have the opportunity after a training phase to take on more responsibility and independent (part) projects. A mentoring program supports you in your professional and methodological development and the expansion of your competence. By working in various projects, you can quickly get to know our company and plan your next career steps together with us. You have a completed education (HTL or FH) with a focus on computer science.Ideally you could gain initial work experience through internships.You will have basic knowledge in the field from. Java, HTML5, JavaScript and databases. You speak good German and English. Your strengths include curiosity, team spirit, intercultural competence, high learning and dedication. They bring fresh ideas into our company and enjoy challenging projects. We offer: Exciting activities with well-known customers. Training on the job and training. Newcomers @ Atos as a career springboard for your career at Atos. Internal development in various directions: specialist career, leadership career, project management or sales. International career opportunities. Various benefits and perks. Market-oriented, performance-oriented pay. We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary is EUR 26,040. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with market conditions. We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Salzburg, AT, 5253583, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible hours, employee benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Senior PLM Consultant (wm), Senior PLM Consultant (wm). Reference no.1356. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Further information can be found at: at. Atos. net.Your tasks. As a Senior PLM Consultant (mw), your work with various clients will include the following tasks: Individual and comprehensive advice for our customers in the field of PLM product development. Sales support for responding to tenders by describing the system architecture and the technical solution concept. Execution of requirement workshops with customers for PLM system evaluation, system expansion and system harmonization. Concept for the design, harmonization and integration of business processes in the context of product developmentPLMPDM (including integration of MCADECADERP etc.). Discussion with company representatives from the respective specialist IT departments on equal terms. Participation in the planning, implementation and rollout of complex and forward-looking corporate transformation projects, as well as preparation of recommended actions and management decisions. Leading architect role in development projects. Creation of specifications and technical specifications as a basis for implementation. System-technical coordination of a development team in the implementation of requirements. Collaboration in national and international teams. They take on a responsible and exciting role in a committed team, where constant development, mutual exchange and teamwork are important. Your profile. You have a completed education (HTL, FH, university) with a focus on (economics) computer science, mechanical engineering, mechatronics or similar. At least 5 years of relevant professional experience in the IT sector or comparable experience in IT consulting (eg Consultant, Solution Architect, or similar). Extensive technical expertise. PLM business processes v. a. also with regard to mechatronic parts list. PLM solutions (Teamcenter andor SAP PLM), knowledge of other PLM systems desirable. CAD authoring tools (eg NX, SE, AutoCAD). Interfaces between CAD authoring tools and PLM solutions. Interface PLM solutions and ERP system. Understanding design engineering product development. Exceptional analytical and conceptual skills. Handson Mentality Experience in Operation Configuration Possibilities of PLM and CAD Authoring Tools. Business fluent English spoken and written. Strong customer and result orientation. Team spirit, communication and presentation skills, as well as intellectual agility. Safe and convincing appearance. High resilience and flexibility as well as willingness to travel. Holistic, networked and solution-oriented thinking is one of your strengths. High quality awareness. They bring fresh ideas into our company and enjoy innovative projects. We offer: A varied and challenging job in projects with well-known customers. An experienced, dynamic team with the best customer relationships. Mentoring for the first months and continuing education. Performance-oriented, market-driven payment. As well as other company benefits (additional vacation days, home office, etc.). We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR33. 502, full time. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market and adjusted aliquot to the actual number of hours worked. Further information Did we spark your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application including CV and motivation letter !. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5253584, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible hours, employee benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Senior IoT Software Developer (wm), Senior IoT Software Developer (wm). Reference no.1352. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. As Senior Software Developer (mw) you will be involved in the current topics IOT, Industry 4. 0 and Connected Products. Her main responsibilities include: Leading Architectural Role in Challenging Development Projects. Conception, implementation and implementation of complex software applications and strategies in the backend cloud area using modern technologies in the Java environment. Technical analysis, design and evaluation of high-end backend cloud architectures. Demanding technology consulting projects, eg. For example, the development of complex IT cloud architectures or the performance of technical audits. Preparation of requirement and feasibility analyzes as well as preparation of the specifications. Continuous optimization and further development of existing high-scaling backend systems and adaptation to new requirements and standards. Collaboration in agile national and international development teams. Implementation of quality assurance measures such as software tests and code reviews. You take on a responsible and exciting role in a dedicated development team, where constant development, mutual exchange and teamwork are important. Your profile. You have a completed education (HTL, FH, Uni) with a focus on computer science. At least 5 years of relevant professional experience in the IT sector or comparable experience in IT consulting (eg software development, SW architecture, or similar). Extensive technical knowledge (current technology trends and programming languages, agile development methods, BigData and cloud technologies). Exceptional analytical and conceptual skills. Business fluent English spoken and written. Strong customer and result orientation. Team spirit, communication and presentation skills, as well as intellectual agility. Holistic, networked and solution-oriented thinking is one of your strengths. They bring fresh ideas into our company and enjoy innovative software development. They expect. A varied and challenging activity in projects with well-known customers. An experienced, dynamic team with the best customer relationships. Mentoring for the first six months and continuing education. Flexible working hours and working models to reconcile work and family life. Performance-oriented, market-driven payment. as well as other company benefits (canteen, additional holidays and much more). We are required by law to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for a junior position is EUR 32,686, gross. We at Atos are not satisfied with the minimum and therefore your actual annual target income is higher and will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact RecruitingTeam Austria at recruitment. austria. IT Solutions @ atos. net available! You want to move something? Then take the chance and shape your future with us! We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5253585, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
SAP MII ME developer, MES consultant (wm), SAP MII ME developer, MES consultant (wm). Reference no.1241. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline.Your responsibilities: consulting implementation of Manufacturing Execution Systems. Analysis of specifications and business processes in the production environment. Clarifications with external business partners. System and integration tests. Cooperation in and, if necessary, management of MES projects. Your profile. University degree in computer science industrial engineering electrical engineering automation technology or similar. Several years of project experience in advising and implementing manufacturing execution systems in production companies with SAP MEMII, knowledge of other MES systems is an advantage. Good understanding of SAP ERP (modules MM, PP, PM, SD especially in the integration with MES ABAP knowledge of advantage). Knowledge of machine communication protocols for shop floor integration (OPC UA, etc.) is an advantage. Basic database knowledge (eg SQL, Oracle, DB2, SAP HANA). Knowledge of database modeling is an advantage. Network Security Know-how in production advantageous. Hands on mentality: We are looking for a translator. National and international travel readiness. Fluent German and EnglishKnowledge in spoken and written. Openness and interest in changing projects. Your strengths include curiosity, team spirit, intercultural competence and a high level of learning and dedication. We offer. A varied and challenging activity in projects with well-known customers. An experienced, dynamic team with the best customer relationships. Mentoring for the first months and continuing education. Performance-oriented, market-driven payment. As well as other company benefits (additional vacation days, home office, etc.). We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary is EUR 33. 502, gross. We at Atos are not satisfied with the minimum and therefore your actual annual target income is higher and will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. Further information Did we spark your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application including CV and motivation letter !. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180320T00: 36: 310100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5253586, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Data Analyst (mw), bbwien. The worldwide order of the Brothers of Mercy operates health and social care institutions in seven federal states in Austria. We are looking for one for our HOSPITAL IN VIENNA. Data Analyst (mw). for a full-time job (40 hours). The Hospital of the Barmherzige Brüder Wien is a modern center with 400 beds and 1,000 employees. Professionalism and hospitality are key values ​​for us, which we also convey as a medical teaching hospital and nursing education hospital. YOUR TASK. Collection, analysis and preparation of structured and unstructured data to support projects and process analyzes by means of quantitative information (eg determination of throughput times, frequencies, duration of treatment, etc.). Definition, preparation and interpretation of KPIs of various processes. Implementation of process implementations. Management and participation in organizational development projects. Documentation of processes. YOUR SKILLS. Completed degree or an adequate education with analytical focus. Work experience desirable but not required. Experience in project and process management (ideally certifications according to IPMAPRINCE2PMI or CBPPPcM). Excellent Excel knowledge. Expertise in the visualization of data and key figures. Experience in business process modeling, UML, digital process simulation tools. Process and number affinity. Structured way of working. Teamwork (close cooperation with other departments). Communication and moderation skills. Assertiveness and conflict ability. Enjoy working independently. OUR OFFER TO YOU. We offer you an interesting and varied activity with a lot of personal responsibility in a collegial and appreciative team. For this position, a salary of EUR 3000. (gross, 14 times a year) is provided, with willingness to overpayment, depending on your experience and qualifications. Please complete your written application (motivation letter, CV) stating your salary expectations by 10. 04 2018 by email to: DI (FH) Erich Köck erich. Koeck @ bbwien. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5254295, Health Care, Social Welfare,, Brothers of Mercy Austria, kcdn. atcompany832522459666logos. companymid. gif, vienna, 1020, taborstrasse 16, sameAs: merciful brother. at
Junior IT and Process Coordinator (wm) DWH, Porsche Bank, as a subsidiary of Porsche Holding, together with the importer and the retailer, is responsible for the mobility needs of our customers. More than 1,200 Drive employees work in the Porsche Bank Group on financing, insurance, maintenance, fleet management, rent a car and other banking services. Porsche Bank is Austrias largest motor vehicle finance service provider and operates in 15 countries in Europe and South America. Due to our enormous growth, we are now looking for a committed partner to support our team in Salzburg. Junior IT and Process Coordinator (wm) DWH. Reporting area. Your tasks: Support in the creation and automation of evaluations from the data warehouse. Optimization and ongoing development of IT processes in the data warehouse, together with the departments. Collaboration on various projects in the data warehouse environment. Support in the documentation of procedures and processes. You bring along: Completed education (eg HTLHAK with IT focus) or completed studies in the field of IT or Business Informatics. Knowledge of software development and business knowledge of advantage. Very good MSOffice knowledge. Analytical mind and structured way of working. Very good German and English spoken and written. We offer: An exciting and responsible job in a growing bank, integrated into an internationally expanding group. Varied opportunities for further development and individual career paths. A great deal of personal responsibility with freedom for initiative. A pleasant working atmosphere as well as a motivated and efficient team. Of course you can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement, which results from your individual qualification and position relevant professional experience according to the classification (annual gross salary starting from EUR 32. 200,). If you also value an interesting, challenging work environment, we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. , 20180323T00: 37: 230100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5254366, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Health Measures, Employee Benefits, Porsche Bank AG, kcdn. atcompany14805342535logoporschebankag. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, Vogelweiderstraße 75, sameAs: porsche bank. at
Quantitative Modeler xe2x80x93 Risk Methods and Analytics (fm), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Quantitative Modeler Risk Methods and Analytics (fm). The department Risk Methods and Analytics uses statistical and mathematical methods to develop predictive models used primarily in credit risk management within the Basel IFRS 9 framework. Team members have diverse numerical backgrounds ranging from mathematics and statistics to business with a strong quantitative focus. Typical applications are development of credit rating models, macroeconomic stress testing models or the credit portfolio model. Additionally, we use our predictive modelling competence on a number of (big) datasets to develop decision models for a wider range of business problems. Key success factors in our modelling projects are analytical skills, fast understanding of the business context and project execution.We are looking for an ambitious quant with excellent academic background and sound business acumen. The ideal candidate has already gained several years of relevant experience; however exceptionally strong junior candidates can also be taken into consideration. The main activity of the candidate will be the improvement and further development of our Mertonstyle credit portfolio model.What you can expect:Involvement in the development, calibration and documentation of a Mertonstyle portfolio model for credit risk. Developing proficiency in manipulating data and knowledge of relevant internal and external databases. Training and consulting of model end users. Calculation of Standard Risk Cost Charges and Economic Capital Charges for Pricing and Performance Measurement. Maintaining state of the art knowledge on relevant regulatory and modelling issues. What you bring to the table:University degree in mathematics, statistics, econometrics or businesseconomics with strong quantitative focus (Master, PhD). At least 2 years of work experience in quantitative finance, ideally with a creditmarket risk or IT focus. Excellent programming skills in Matlab andor R and readiness to learn further. Knowhow in SQL, low level programming languages and general IT affinity is highly appreciated. Experience with analyzing and manipulating large datasets, model development for quantitative finance, application of statistical techniques to real life problems and Monte Carlo simulations. Knowledge regarding Basel II Basel III is appreciated. Ability to communicate complex matters in an understandable manner. You are selfmotivated, focused, resultoriented, resilient and communicative. What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at EUR 46. 500, gross p. a. excluding overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability.We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5254704, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Junior Senior Consultant (mw) for Business Intelligence, Reporting or Data Analytics, Junior Senior Consultant (mw) for Business Intelligence, Reporting or Data Analytics. If you want to actively shape your future, you need an employer that not only challenges but also supports your employees! Immediately join our international, multidisciplinary project team in Linz or Vienna and support our rapidly expanding Advisory business unit with know-how, dedication and enthusiasm. Your challenges with us. Advising national and international clients from various industries throughout Austria on business intelligence, reporting and data analytics. Transformation of technical, analytical and technical knowledge into sound insights and recommendations for our customers. Management-compatible preparation of data and analysis results in reports and reports. Your skills. Successfully completed studies in (economic) computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics or (business) engineering. 14 years of experience as a management consultant or comparable experience in the industry. Experience in the collection, analysis and presentation of complex data across the entire DA Lifecylce. Well-versed handling of data mining products (eg Matlab, SPSS, SAS) as well as dashboarding and analysis tools (eg MS PowerBI, Qlik, Tableau). Experience in the development of reports, scorecards and KPIs. Knowledge of various programming languages ​​(eg R, Python, Java, NET) is an advantage. Very good German and English. Professional appearance as well as team and service orientation. Analytical skills and above-average willingness to perform. Traveling. Excellent prospects. Responsible, versatile activities within an experienced team and in a rapidly expanding field. TopIT consulting with the most renowned large corporations. Enjoying work in the circle of enthusiastic colleagues and a pleasant working atmosphere with mutual support. Targeted training and development opportunities and transparent development opportunities. Performance-based pay. As a beginner, you will receive a minimum salary of EUR 34 based on full-time employment. 300, gross p. a. Beginners with several years of professional experience receive a full-time salary starting at EUR 51. 800, gross p. a. Depending on your qualifications and experience, we offer you a correspondingly higher fee. Furthermore, you can count on a performance-based, individual bonus. Facts. Place. Linz, Vienna. Function. Advisory. Your contact. Contact Vienna Gisela Kreer BA Contact Linz Mag Viktoria Wallaberger BSc Interested ?. Then we look forward to receiving your online application including cover letter, CV and certificates. , 20180406T00: 34: 370200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5255387, law, taxes, economics,, KPMG Austria, kcdn. atcompany36032294638logokpmgoesterreich. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, porcelain cup 51, sameAs: kpmg. at
ExpertSenior expert Sensor and Signals xe2x80x93 DigitalIndustry 4. 0, ExpertSenior expert Sensor and Signals DigitalIndustry 4. 0 (Fulltime). People are what make the difference at voestalpine. People who produce, process and refine highquality steel products in flexible, specialized companies around the world. People who make our customers challenges their own. People with a neverending drive to search for an even better solution. Its people like you who keep voestalpine one step ahead.Who we are. voestalpine High Performance Metals GmbH is the parent company of the High Performance Metals Division in the voestalpine Group. We are the global market leader in tool steel and also hold leading positions in highspeed steel, valve steel, special engineering steel and other special grades. Customers can rely on our wellestablished brands that have frequently set the standards for the special steel sector over many decades with their innovation and top quality.To further strengthen our market leading position we are establishing a central Expert team Advanced Process Automation and Digital Solutions that supports the Digital transformation in the Production area. The team is based in AustriaKapfenberg, but is operating in the entire Division. For that team, we are currently looking for a fulltime ExpertSenior expert Sensors and signals DigitalIndustry 4. 0.Please find further information on our website: voestalpine. comedelstahlen. Your Tasks. As part of the Advanced Process Automation and Digital Solutions team, you will be responsible to support our diverse daughter companies in the identification and evaluation of Automation potential, with a focus on sensor applications in the Production and Supply Chain area. In addition, you will support the implementation of core projects. Furthermore, you will support the Global Digital Transformation Team in sharing and rollingout bestpractices. In addition, you will be responsible to empower the organizations with regards to your Expert subject field.Your main tasks will be:Identification and evaluation (feasibility, business case) of process automation potential in Production and Supply Chain in daughter companies of the division. Support implementation of selective projects. Core anchor point for sensor application topics in the division with a focus on traditional as well as Industry 4. 0triggered topics. Traditional sensor topics: focus on sensor and measuring techniques in harsh environments, e. g. laser, radar, optical systems, NFC, RFID, thermovision, etc.Industry 4. 0 triggered topics: wireless sensor systems, condition monitoring, realtime sensing, M2M communication, predictive maintenance, material tracking (e. g. IoT, single piece tracking), signal processing and analysis, image processing and feature extractionfailure detection techniques, etc.Trend and technology monitoring for innovations in the respective field of expertise. Bestpractice and knowledge sharing (e. g. trainings, knowhow exchange). Coordination of Automation efforts across daughter companies. Report regularly to the Digital Transformation leaders in the division. Your Profile. A technical university degreeuniversity of applied sciences degree with a focus on ElectronicsAutomation; or profoundlongstanding experience in the field of sensor technology with demonstrably strong implementation skills and delivered projects in the production area. Deep understanding of core technologies and issues in the field of sensors in the Iron and Steel industry is a must have. Strong experience in evaluation of industrial preferably Iron and Steel processes and development of concrete solutions (6SigmaLean skills preferred). Knowledge and experience of DigitizationIndustry 4. 0 approaches and technologies with a focus on sensorenabled process automation. Advanced software tool experience in analytics (MatlabSimulink), image processing and feature extraction (Halcon) preferred. Understanding of business economics, as well as conceptional capabilities is desired. Strong project management skills, moderation skills, solid delivery of trainingsworkshops and dealing with ambiguity as strengths. Entrepreneurial character, well organized and selfstanding. Ideally analytical, a solution focused problem solver who can create excitement in a team. Fluent communication in German and English. Willingness to travel. What we offer. We offer an interesting and diversified task in a newly established and dynamic team with a large degree of freedom in shaping the Digital transformation of voestalpine High Performance Metals GmbH, as well as a competitive salary package (based on your experience and performance) paired with a good social environment. Salary package : The collective minimum salary agreement for this position is EUR 3. 341, 29 (14 x per year). The actual payment depends on the particular qualification and experience.Beginning: as soon as possible. If you feel this challenging and rewarding job is right for you, we would be pleased to receive your complete application in English or German (please state your earliest possible starting date and salary expectations).More information about our application process can be found on the first page of our application form and in the FAQs to apply.If we have sparked your interest, please use our online application form. Our CV parsing tool makes your application even faster.We are looking forward to receive your application.announcement till 16. 04. 2018. Kontakt. voestalpine High Performance Metals GmbH Kapfenberg. HR contact: Ms. Manuela Zauner 4350304158096. Instagram Pinterest Blog YouTube Twitter Facebook. , 20180313T10: 01: 300100, FULLTIME, Kapfenberg, Steiermark, AT, 5255390, Industrie, Produktion, , voestalpine AG, kcdn. atcompany28453138341logos. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, voestalpineStraße 1, sameAs: voestalpine. com
Autonomous Driving (Senior) Associate Engineering Consultant (mw), Creative Team and Exciting Jobs Wanted ?. You are looking for a professional environment with development opportunities and creative freedom? You want to develop personally with us and not just be employees? You are fascinated by topics that move entire industries and influence the society of tomorrow? You find travel (up to 4 days a week) exciting, like working in teams and looking for challenges in the dynamic environment of consulting? If you answer the questions with xe2x80x9eja , then we are with passion not only your mentors, but above all your colleagues and accompany you along your ambitious career and development path. We are guided by 4 principles. LIVE. Professional achievement as part of a balanced life IMPACT. Working on sustainable topics FUN. Fun and fascination at work ENERGY. Create passion, step by step forward and carry others along. Autonomous Driving (Senior) Associate Engineering Consultant (mw). Your tasks. You design and optimize development processes for autonomous driving and drive development. You design and optimize business processes that are changing due to technological change. You enjoy designing transformation projects in large development organizations. You control the design and implementation of StateoftheArt collaboration models for software development and development You structure future projects and support the experts in achieving their goals for product development. You enjoy the leadership, coaching and development of project teams. You should bring this with you. Diplom Master Bachelorabschluss Uni or FH Preferred fields of study: Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Mechatronics or similar. Very good German and English skills (at least C1 level). Very good analytical skills and problem-solving understanding. Ongoing learning. Interest in automotive engineering and SW product development. Entrepreneurship. Enthusiasm for the automotive industry and its change. Desirable: Knowledge in the development of vehicle software, systems engineering and Automotive SPICE or CMMI. Willingness to travel (4 days a week). In addition to a steep career path, we offer you a gross annual salary of EUR 44. 100, adjusted accordingly with relevant work experience. About accilium. We are a company founded on the conviction of continuous development xe2x80x9ebuilt to evolve . Our focus is on topics related to mobility issues and digitization initiatives. The previous focus was on the three core areas of automobile manufacturers (development, production, sales) and IT. With this experience and the changing understanding of mobility of our society, we are already working for our customers today and in the future on projects that go far beyond the limits of the automotive industry. Tomorrows mobility ecosystem will be shaped not only by car manufacturers, but above all by infrastructure providers, utilities and cities and local authorities. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5255447, Beratung,, accilium GmbH. , kcdn. atcompany1128593093878logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1090, Sensengasse 3123, sameAs: accilium. com
Junior Data Scientist (mf), Junior Data Scientist (mf). Location: Gumpoldskirchen. As a Junior Data Scientist in our team you will work on the planning, implementation and delivery of data services across various Novomatic business units. You will be part of a closely collaborating team with a strong focus on knowledge sharing and professional development.YOUR TASKS. Perform statistical analyses on and gain undiscovered insights from data across various business fields. Design, perform and evaluate business experiments for various Novomatic business units. Communicate, visualize and report your results to key decision makers. Design data products based on a deep understanding of the business value they provide. Prototype effectively in order to quickly understand customer needs. Design the software architecture based on a deep understanding of the latest Big Data technologies. Implement and deliver the data products with a DevOps approach in distributed environments. YOUR PROFILE. You have a PhDMSBS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience. You are energetic, enthusiastic, detailoriented and passionate about producing highquality analytics deliverables. You have exceptional communication skills, a strong biastoaction and a selfless teamoriented personal style. A strong track record of successfully delivered data services is an advantage. OUR OFFER. Targeted training and further education. Flexible working hours (flextime). Excellent staff canteen (which offers vegetarian options). Good transport connections and a parking lot for employees. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 49, 000 gross per year. However, the actual salary per year is negotiable depending on your qualifications and experience.ABOUT US. The NOVOMATIC Group is one of the largest Austrian technology companies, privately owned and headquartered south of Vienna. With a focus on steady and controlled growth, NOVOMATIC is one of the market leaders in the global gaming industry.HOW TO APPLY. Please append to your application a list with all relevant Data Science tools (Statistics, Machine Learning, Databases, Visualization, DevOps) and all relevant programming languages that you have used in the past. Rate your experience in each of them on a two level scale:Used for prototypelevel applications. Used for productionlevel applications. If you are interested in sharing your professional experience with a dynamic and successful international company that promotes a family atmosphere, please apply by providing your online application via our application form.Apply Online. , 20180313T12: 41: 300100, FULLTIME, Gumpoldskirchen, Niederösterreich, AT, 5255520, Industrie, Produktion, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Aus und Weiterbildung , NOVOMATIC Gruppe, kcdn. atcompany66893233279nandnovomaticcenteredrgb. companymid. png, Gumpoldskirchen, 2352, Wiener Straße 158, sameAs: novomatic. com
Senior Data Scientist (mf), Senior Data Scientist (mf). Location: Gumpoldskirchen. As a Senior Data Scientist in our team you will be responsible for the planning, implementation and delivery of data services across various Novomatic business units. You will be part of a closely collaborating team with a strong focus on knowledge sharing and professional development. As such, you will be expected to openly share your knowledge with the rest of the team and provide guidance for less senior team members.YOUR TASKS. Perform statistical analyses on and gain undiscovered insights from data across various business fields. Design, perform and evaluate business experiments for various Novomatic business units. Communicate, visualize and report your results to key decision makers. Design data products based on a deep understanding of the business value they provide. Prototype effectively in order to quickly understand customer needs. Design the software architecture based on a deep understanding of the latest Big Data technologies. Implement and deliver the data products with a DevOps approach in distributed environments. YOUR PROFILE. You have at least 3 years work experience in Data Science, Machine Learning or a related field. You have a PhDMSBS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience. You have a strong track record of successfully delivered data services. You are energetic, enthusiastic, detailoriented and passionate about producing highquality analytics deliverables. You have exceptional communication skills, a strong biastoaction and a selfless teamoriented personal style. OUR OFFER. Targeted training and further education. Flexible working hours (flextime). Excellent staff canteen (which offers vegetarian options). Good transport connections and a parking lot for employees. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 63, 000 gross per year. However, the actual salary per year is negotiable depending on your qualifications and experience.ABOUT US. The NOVOMATIC Group is one of the largest Austrian technology companies, privately owned and headquartered south of Vienna. With a focus on steady and controlled growth, NOVOMATIC is one of the market leaders in the global gaming industry.HOW TO APPLY. Please append to your application a list with all relevant Data Science tools (Statistics, Machine Learning, Databases, Visualization, DevOps) and all relevant programming languages that you have used in the past. Rate your experience in each of them on a two level scale:Used for prototypelevel applications. Used for productionlevel applications. If you are interested in sharing your professional experience with a dynamic and successful international company that promotes a family atmosphere, please apply by providing your online application via our application form.Apply Online. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Gumpoldskirchen, Niederösterreich, AT, 5255521, Industrie, Produktion, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Aus und Weiterbildung , NOVOMATIC Gruppe, kcdn. atcompany66893233279nandnovomaticcenteredrgb. companymid. png, Gumpoldskirchen, 2352, Wiener Straße 158, sameAs: novomatic. com
Data Architect wm, AVL is the worlds largest independent company for the development, simulation and testing of drive systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines.Data Architect wm. Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: IT Software. Your task: Design and development of a data architecture for an advanced software product ecosystem. Promote and develop architectural guidelines for powerful, scalable frameworks. Design a multi-layered framework methodology for solving problems in platforms, modules, applications, products, and services. Supporting different teams in a structured transition from existing legacy software to a new data and software architecture. Develop an architecture for a service ecosystem using relational, column-based, NoSQL, InMemory and Big Data technologies (on-premises and in the cloud). Promotion and establishment of an ecosystem for the exchange of data models for data collection, access, analysis, data processing, data freight, archiving and recovery. Support of a software governance structure for internal code sharing and the integration of third-party platforms and modules using technology from open source projects. Your profile: Higher academic degree in a technical field or equivalent technical experience. Proven experience in a senior architectural position. Solid experience in the architecture of analytical applications in a cloud environment, such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and OpenStack. Expert knowledge in modeling, managing, scaling, and optimizing OLTP performance with many transactions, OLAP, and data warehouse environments. Expertise in various technologies in the big data ecosystem, such as SQL, NoSQL, Database Design, ETL, Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, Spark, HBase, Kafka, and others. a. Trust in hybrid cloud solutions with hands-on experience in direct API integration. Yearly reference: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full time) for this position as the basis for negotiation: 53,000, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180313T12: 46: 490100, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5255549, Other Industry, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Data Warehouse Developer (mw), Austrian Lotteries is an internationally recognized gaming company that offers a variety of high quality, exciting and innovative lottery games to adult gambling enthusiasts. xe2x80x9eGuess play with responsibility  is always the basis of our actions From now on we are looking for. Data Warehouse Developer (mw). Your tasks. active development of the central data warehouse optimization of the ETL framework. collaborative implementation of user stories with Scrum Team customers for individual solutions. Development of a data model Optimization of requests regarding performance maintainability. Expertise in planning, development Implementation of automated manual tests. Conception Preparation of reports as well as analysis of problems with proposed solutions. Dealing with new structures such as DataVault applicability used in the development process. Understanding of the  Big Picture  of complex software solutions (from the development of the reporting to the construction of a data center). Your profile. Completed IT-specific training (Fh, Uni). Professional experience in software development test in an agile environment. Understanding of database architectures as well as know-how of ETL processes. Experience in integrating data from different systems. profound knowledge in dealing with relational databases (ORACLE) as well as with PLSQL. analytical thinking, curiosity and enjoyment of complex topics. Teamwork Independence in the implementation of user stories. Our range. We offer a team-oriented atmosphere, a wide and varied range of tasks as well as attractive social benefits. Read here, which advantages you expect as an employee or employee with us. Have we piqued your interest? Then apply online with cover letter, resume and credentials. We work on happiness to be part of it !. Place of employment Vienna from now on Salary Qualification-dependent monthly gross salary starting from EUR 3. 500, employment type full time Contact Sonja GrafCzech Tel.: 43 (1) 79070 34815. Austrian Lotteries GmbH Rennweg 44, 1038 Vienna Lotteries. at., 20180313T13: 37: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5255657, Sport, Leisure, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company doctor, Fitness offers, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good connection, Education and training, Child care, Employee events, Education leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Company pension, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Employee loans, Supplementary insurance, Employee gifts, Austrian Lotteries, kcdn. atcompany22321187603logosterreichischelotterien. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1038, Rennweg 44, sameas: lotteries. at
Course Engineer (mf), Course Engineer (mf). Vienna, Austria. About. To build and expand our gamelike courses on appbuilding, websitemaking, hacking, and more, we e looking for a fulltime Course Engineer to join the Mimo crew. Highquality content forms the core of our app and is the very reason why so many people learn with us. As Course Engineer, your mission will be to draft and write exciting courses in our course builder while also improving existing courses based on analytics and feedback.Our Story. We got started in 2015, when Dennis, Henry, Johannes, and Lorenz dropped out of school or quit their jobs to work on a better way of learning. After three insane months at the Techstars accelerator program, we launched Mimo in August 2016, which got picked up by news media like The New York Times and featured on the App Store in more than 100 countries. Since then, weve grown fast in size and users and are always looking for great people to join us.Our Values. At Mimo, we believe in datadriven decision making and the importance of focus, fun, selfmotivation, and transparency.What youll do at Mimo. Building fresh courses. Improving and expanding existing courses based on data. Researching best practices. Coming up with course ideas and testing them. Some of the tools that we use. Mimo Course Builder to create the interactive Mimo tutorials. IDEs like Xcode and Android Studio. Mixpanel and Metabase to improve our courses based on user behavior. Git. We think that itll be important for you to. Can explain things very well. Have programming and software development experience. Can and want to learn additional programming languages and technologies all the time. Have experience in and a talent for writing. Bonus points. Experience with data science. Experience working with Photoshop, Illustrator, or similar software. Attention for detail. We e more than a place to work. We value your time and well do everything we can to make sure youll enjoy every minute you work at Mimo.Relocation package mentorship. Team activities retreats. Latest Technology. Work from. anywhere. Salary. EUR42. 000 EUR64. 000. You can expect competitive compensation between 42, 000EUR 64, 000EUR (based on your experience) and shares in our company. If you want to be part of a learning revolution, now is the time. Join us and help us find the best way to learn about technology!. Apply now. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5255854, Internet, IT, Telekom, Getränke, Mitarbeiternotebook, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mimohello GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1113133204890artboard4. companymid. png, Wien, 1030, Marxergasse 242, sameAs: getmimo. com
Software Developer Java (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. Software Developer Java (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Development of software components and applications in Java. Selection of a specialist focus from our diverse core areas (eg eCommerce, Web, Integration, xe2x80xa6). Sustainable knowledge building in the selected area. Continuous improvement of our standards and development processes. Collaboration in national and international projects. They offer: A completed IT education (HTL, FH, Uni). Passion for software development. Java experience beneficial. Analytical skills. German and English in spoken and written. Team player with initiative and motivation. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5255858, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
(Junior) Consultant IT Strategy Digitalization (wm), As the # 1 strategy and management consultancy for the European financial community, we design and implement customized, innovative solutions with our clients. Our expertise ranges from Strategy and Organization, Finance and Risk to Technology. More on zeb. Career graduates Join our team and benefit from our transparent career model, which honors your performance 1: 1. Our appreciative, respectful and fair-minded corporate culture is the best basis for your success. (Junior) Consultant IT Strategy Digitalization (wm). Office: Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, Munich, Munster, Vienna, Zurich. YOUR PROFILE. A recently well-completed degree in business administration, preferably with an IT specialization, or a well-completed degree in (business) computer science, mathematics or physics. First ITrelevante practical experience through relevant internships in a consulting firm, a bank insurance or fintech. A high affinity to technological Trends (digitization, big data, augmented reality, etc.) .Teamplayer with a sense of humor, which is characterized by a strong analytical talent, a high level of motivation, curiosity, persuasive power and customer orientation.Very good command of spoken and written English.IRE TASKS. Together with your new colleagues, you will work in exciting national and international projects within the financial services industry. Our clients will be accompanied by you in all project phases, both in the strategy development and in the implementation. a. new digital business models eg based on Robo Advisors or Internet of Things (IoT) or design the strategic realignment of IT landscapes (eg SelfService BI). Within our Practice Groups you are intensively involved with current topics such as big data analytics or technology Innovation management in the financial world eg based on Blockchain or Artificial Intelligence. At zeb, you take responsibility for your own project tasks at an early stage and thus contribute significantly to the success of the project, but also to your own success. Our attractive continuing education and mentoring concept supports you in this process. Apply now. YOUR BENEFITS. Career. Get guidance from Mentor, the Career Development Counselor, to help you achieve your career goals. An extensive training catalog offers personnel development measures for each functional level. Culture. In our interdisciplinary teams, we maintain a corporate culture at eye level. Argument suggests hierarchy. Project assignments are possible according to your interests in several European countries.Choice. You choose the office location and the practice group as a thematic home according to your own personal interests.Conditions. With our flexible sabbatical programs additional time-outs of a few days to several months are possible. We also promote doctoral projects and MBAPrograms. Our company is subject in Austria to the  framework collective agreement for employees in trade and industry in the information and consulting service . For this position, we pay an annual gross income of min. EUR 40. 000, 00. Depending on qualifications and experience, we offer overpayment.EvaMarie Jacobs Recruiting Manager IT Phone: 4925197128784., 20180322T00: 36: 280100, FULLTIME, Berlin, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, Munich, Münster, Tirol, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Zurich, 5255866, law, taxes, economics,, zeb. Rolfes. almost beck. associates gmbh, kcdn. atcompany187663161302logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Praterstraße 31, sameAs:
Java Software Engineer (fm), Java Software Engineer (fm). The Semantic Web Company (SWC) is a leading provider of software and services in the areas of Semantic Information Management, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Linked Data technologies. SWCs renowned PoolParty Software Platform is used in large enterprises, Government Organizations, NPOs and NGOs around the globe to extract meaning from big data. Semantic Web Company values loyality, intelligence and innovation and rewards strong performance with increased responsibility and growth opportunities. We offer great worklife balance and a culture that is cuttingedge, collaborative and fun. If you are interested in making an immediate impact in a growing company, we invite you to apply today.WHAT WE OFFER:exciting and challenging development activities around our core product PoolParty. innovative projects around webbased solutions for data portals and information systems. company with a growth rate of over 20% p. a and serving many global 500 companies as customers. an international and highly diverse working environment dealing with innovative information technologies like artificial intelligence. a collegial and professional working environment with flat hierarchies in an attractive office. an exciting position in an agile and modern working environment. training opportunities in the field internet and web technologies. wellpaid and challenging position with interesting development opportunities. JOB DESCRIPTION:Java Software development in the areas of taxonomy and ontology management and text mining. supporting the RD efforts of the Semantic Web Company. work with RDF graphdatabases and linked data technologies. further development of the PoolParty platform architecture. JOB REQUIREMENTS:completed university studies in IT or adequate practical experience. several years of experience and very good knowledge of Java development (and associated frameworks and libraries). profound expertise with some knowledge technologies like graph databases, text mining, ontology engineering, machine learning etc.willingness to educate yourself about webbased Information Management, Semantic Web and Linked Data. creativity, teamwork and communication skills. The offered gross salary is in the range of EUR 35. 000 to 45. 000 p. a. an overpayment is possible, depending on education, skills and work experience.SEND YOUR FULL APPLICATION TO:Semantic Web Company GmbH z. Hd. Hrn. Andreas Koller Mariahilferstrasse 708 A1070 Wien Tel. : 43 1 4021235 Fax: 43 1 4021235 22 jobs@semanticweb. com Unternehmen: semanticweb. com. , 20180314T10: 50: 000100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5255867, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Semantic Web Company GmbH, kcdn. atcompany23569399124logosemanticwebcompanygmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Mariahilferstrasse 70, sameAs: semanticweb. com
Linux Application Specialist (mw), CREATE WITH US THE DIGITAL WORLD OF TOMORROW APPLY NOW !. JobID: 85383EN2. Linux Application Specialist (mw). Company: TSystems Austria GesmbH. Locations: Vienna, Austria. Career Level: Professional. Contract type: Full-time unlimited. Application deadline: 24th 08. 2018. Required language skills: German, English. Apply now. Your task. Your tasks: Operating, monitoring, controlling and suppressing applications, middelware and communication components as well as the associated platform. Working with automation tools. Participation and partial coordination of order, change and security measures. Further development of the solutions used. Monitoring system efficiency. Participation in the creation of concepts for operational optimization. Conceptual consultation of customers and colleagues. Ensuring trouble-free operation in compliance with the service level and the safety regulations. Install and administer applications, middleware and communication components. Design and implementation of workflows and planning of supporting tools. As well as the preparation of the technical documentation. Your profile. Your profile: IT infrastructure knowledge. Good knowledge of the operating system Linux. Good knowledge of network architecture. Experience in Application Management. HochschulFachhochschulabschl. for computer science or equivalent education. Good knowledge of installing various software such as Apache, JBoss, Tomcat, ProFTPD, Websphere etc. Experiences with automation tools like Ansible and Jenkins. Furthermore, we are looking for special knowledge in the area of ​​Docker Infrastructures and Big Data Platforms. Knowledge of common SQL and NoSQL databases (excl. Oracle). Independent, structured and solution-oriented working method and cooperation in a team. Flexibility and resilience. Willingness for professional development. Willingness to be on call and working outside normal working hours. German and English in spoken and written. For this position, a collective agreement gross annual salary of at least Euro 40. 992, However, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and prior experience, as well as various TSystems Benefits.About us. With a global infrastructure of data centers and networks, TSystems operates information and communication technology (ICT) for multinational corporations and public institutions. As a corporate customer division of Deutsche Telekom, TSystems offers integrated solutions for the networked future of business and society. Your contact. HR Shared Service Center. Tel.: 00800 800 560 56 EMail: MyHRRecruitmentTSAT @ telekom. com. Apply now. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5256101, advice, canteen, health measures, child care, TSystems Austria GesmbH, kcdn. atcompany27502626280logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tsystems. at
University Assistant with DiplomMaster at the Institute for Pervasive Computing, The Johannes Kepler University Linz is Upper Austrias largest educational and research institution with 20,000 students and around 3,000 employees. The JKU offers around 60 fields of study at four faculties. To strengthen our team at the Faculty of Science, we are looking for one from 01. 07. 2018. University Assistant with DiplomMaster in full employment limited to 4 years at the Institute for Pervasive Computing. Ad number 3563. Your tasks: Cooperation in interdisciplinary, national and international cooperation projects as well as in the design and development of research projects. Organization of courses in German and English, co-supervision of theses. Collaborate on scientific papers for international journals and participate in relevant conferences. Your profile: Completion of a diploma or masters degree in computer science or comparable disciplines. Interested in at least one of the following areas: Sensor Actuator Systems. Machine Learning. Machine perception. Collective self-adaptive systems. Good knowledge of Java, also in other programming languages. High, curiosity-led motivation. We offer: Exciting questions and state-of-the-art research infrastructure in the field of pervasive computing. Cooperation with renowned research teams and companies in Germany and abroad. Varied and responsible cooperation in a dynamic research group with a cooperative working atmosphere. The collective agreement minimum salary is EUR 2. 794, 60 gross per month (KV classification B1). For more information, please contact Univ. Prof. Dr. Alois Ferscha, T 43 732 2468 4760, Email: office @ pervasive. jku. Application Deadline 16. 05. 2018. In line with the JKU Womens Promotion Plan, women are particularly encouraged to apply, with priority given to equal qualifications. Favored disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are suitable. If you are interested in this varied task, we look forward to receiving your application with the usual documents on our OnlinePortal jku. at the Johannes Kepler University Linz, Personnel Management, Altenberger Straße 69, 4040 Linz. Please be sure to include the xe2x80x9eadnumber 3563  when applying. , 20180314T10: 27: 570100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5256366, Education,, Johannes Kepler University, kcdn. atcompany156821797855logojohanneskepleruniversitt. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Altenberger Str. 69, sameAs: jku. at
Software Tester (mw), The ZELISKO GmbH Mödling, subsidiary of the KNORRBREMSE GmbH Austria, is looking for the location Mödling from now on. Software Tester (mw). Reference code ATVIE506043941. YOUR TASKS. Planning, execution and documentation of software tests in the embedded area. Development of test procedures and their automation. Creation of performance tests, automated TF generation and evaluations. Coordinate with the development team about results and optimization possibilities. Preparation of presentations, reports and documentation. Big Data Analysis. YOUR PROFILE. Well-founded technical education (HTL, FH, Uni) preferred in the field of electrical engineering, IT, computer science or similar. Experience in software development and software testing with LabVIEW. Knowledge of current test frameworks and test tools. Expertise in test automation and continuous integration. Very good German and English. Independent, structured and accurate way of working. Communication and team skills, willingness to take responsibility. OUR RANGE. Technological excellence, sustainable management and social responsibility drive our progress at more than 100 locations in 30 countries. We offer you an exciting and varied work in an international environment as well as an attractive range of services, ranging from flexible working time models and professional and personal development opportunities to sports and health programs. Our location is very well connected and with the train from WienMeidling in 1015 min. reachable. The minimum charge is EUR 2. 369, 95 gross monthly willingness to overpay depending on qualifications and work experience. DO WE HAVE YOUR INTEREST ?. Then get in! We are looking forward for your online application!. , 20180314T11: 31: 000100, FULLTIME, Mödling, Lower Austria, AT, 5256416, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot , Good connections, Education and training, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Employee gifts, KnorrBremse, kcdn. atcompany13881296955logoknorrbremsegesmbh. companymid. jpg, Mödling, 2340, Beethovengasse 4345, same as: knorr brake. at
Senior Java Developer (mw), To strengthen our team at our company locations either Wien, WienUmgebung or Linz, we are looking for a creative JavaEngineer (mw) for developments around our application framework xe2x80x9em2n Intelligence Management  undoder JavaWebDevelopment in exciting customer projects with great visibility. Innovative open space, great ambience and exciting tasks such as visualization, information retrieval, model-based application development, data harmonization and semantic technologies are waiting for you. Youre working on our solutions for detecting fraud patterns, intelligently supporting citizenship or analyzing large, heterogeneous databases. Senior Java Developer (mw), full time. for innovative tasks. m2n consulting development gmbh is an Austrian research and development company focusing on high-end technologies of model-based application development and knowledge discovery. In FEP projects we implement innovative solutions for applications in the public sector and in the industry. Your qualifications: You have a completed technology-oriented education (UniFH, eg computer science). You have excellent Java knowledge and are familiar with object-oriented design, at least 3 years of practical work experience in Java is an absolute requirement. I am interested in semantic technologies and search retrieval or knowledge discovery, machine learning artificial intelligence or big data technologies. You are on DuundDu with Windows and Linux operating systems. You are characterized by an independent, proactive way of working. ThinkingoutsideoftheBox and innovative ability are particularly pronounced in you.Du like solving complex problems and are open to creative ideas. You act as a team player, has assertiveness, are reliable and willing to actively shape your work environment. Your areas of responsibility: You are for conception, design and (Next) Development of components of the  m2n Intelligence Management  Framework responsible. In cooperation with our national and international customers and partners you fit our. Product, xe2x80x9em2n Intelligence Management  Framework, to shape your work environment, as a Senior Developer and Engineer you also lead junior developers and support in architecture and design decisions.We offer: Varied and challenging activities in a dynamic and young team.Thrilling topics and tasks and a lot of leeway.Collaboration in projects with agile working methods (like Scrum) and Testdriven Development.An ideal working environment with freedom for your own development, pool and park inclusive.Self-specific, flexible Zeiteinteilung.Bezahlung according to ITKV your qualification and experience (minimum salary acc ST2 3. 700EUR gross) .We look forward to receiving your application! Please send your documents by email to m2n consulting and development gmbh Martina Wachter wachter @ m2n. at, 0660 7119872., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, WienUmgebung (district), Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5256591, Internet, IT, telecom,, m2n consulting and development gmbh, kcdn. atcompany17939355610logom2nconsultinganddevelopmentgmbh. companymid. gif, MariaAnzbach, 3033, Götzwiesenstraße 6, sameAs: m2n. at
IT Business Consultant SAP BIBW (fm), Interested in joining our team? If so, take the opportunity to apply to one of the worlds bestknown brands as. IT BUSINESS CONSULTANT SAP BIBW (FM). Location: Wattens Reference: 961775sp. WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT An exciting challenge in an international Team located in Wattens in Tyrol (Austria). In this role you will be responsible for our global Data Warehouse solution based on SAPBW.Your tasks include, but are not limited to the following:Maintain and further develop the existing SAPBI Landscape (SAP BW and SAP BO). Provide consultancy and support for our internal clients and business departments. Analyze and challenge new or amended business requirements and assess how they can be integrated and supported in the IT systems. Evaluate, implement, monitor and support changes and improvements in the BI environment. Taking over the lead in crossorganizational and interdisciplinary projects or subprojects. Ticket handling 3rd Level Support. Continuously work on the improvement of internal processes. Express innovative ideas and solutionsanalysis of potentials in the environment of BI (systems, contents, developments) to provide the best customer experience. WHAT WE EXPECT As IT Business Consultant you are a highly motivated and solutionoriented team player with ideally some experience in ITproject management. You are a strong communicator, are able to gather business requirements and translate these into technical solutions.Additionally, you bring the following qualifications:A University or a vocational (HAKHTL) degree in a technical, economic or natural scientific discipline. At least 4 years of experience in the implementation, operations andor maintenance of Data Warehouse solutions (SAP BW). Knowledge of various SAP BO tools (WebI, Crystal Reports, Lumira Discovery, Lumira Designer, Analysis for Microsoft Excel). Fluent English skills (German would be a plus). Programming skills in ABAP, SQL, CSS, Java Script and HTML are welcome. Experience with BW4HANA and SAP FIORI is advantageous. WHAT WE OFFER Swarovski was founded in 1895 in Wattens, Tyrol. Contribute to our company, and make our success your own. Wattens, Tirol is located in one of the bestknown holiday regions in Austria, close to Innsbruck. One of the most beautiful old towns in Tyrol is just a few minutes away. Our attractive salary packages include a number of benefits such as a company restaurant and various sports.Due to legal reasons, we advise that the collectively agreed base annual salary for this position is at least EUR 38. 585, 82 gross. Our actual salaries are market competitive, and take individual qualifications and experience into consideration.Do you think you would enjoy this role? If so, we look forward to receiving your online application.Apply now. SWAROVSKI STANDS FOR SPARKLE. SWAROVSKI STANDS FOR SPIRIT. SWAROVSKI STANDS FOR SUCCESS.Swarovski adds sparkle to peoples everyday lives both as the leading brand of cut crystal, and as the partner of visionaries. Become part of a tale of tradition and success that stretches back to 1895, and at the same time begin writing your own!. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Wattens, Tirol, AT, 5256659, Industrie, Produktion, , D. Swarovski KG, kcdn. atcompany5710352844logodswarovskico. companymid. gif, Wattens, 6112, Swarovskistraße 30, sameAs: careers. swarovski. comat
Quantitative Analyst Data Scientist (fm), Quantitative Analyst Data Scientist (FM). LOCATION:Linz. JOB TYPE:Permanent. HOURS:Fulltime 40 hours per week. OVERVIEW. Reporting to the Head of the Quantteam and working closely with product owners, you will be responsible for creating predictive models for prematch and inplay betting markets in various sports. This requires cleaning up, visualising, analysing and interpreting relevant data as well as implementing the created models in Java.THE CHALLENGE. Create predictive models for various sports. Data cleanup and application of statistical and mathematical methods to identify and interpret data patterns. Implement models in Java. Analyse evaluate optimise existing models. Fetch data from an SQLdatabase. Document the process followed and report to the quantteam on workflow. Research new statistical methods for future applications. Collaborate closely with product developers managers to move projects from idea to implementation. YOUR PROFILE. Required Qualifications:A masters degree or equivalent higher qualification in one of the following disciplines: Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering or a closely related field with a strong quantitative component. Experience in developing predictive models. Advanced programming (R, Matlab, etc. ) and MS Excel skills. Good understanding of the betting industry. Desirable Qualifications:A good understanding of modelling techniques such as GLMs, Bayesian Statistics, TimeSeries Analysis, MCMC, machine learning etc.Experience in developing mathematical models for sports. Experience in objectoriented programming in Java, C, Python etc.Fluency in English (written and spoken), knowledge of German will be considered a plus. ITbackground. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Creative thinking, keen to further refine systems and processes. Highly selfmotivated, leading by example and enthusiasm. Being a team player, with the ability to work with new teams immediately. Enthusiasm for sport. OUR OFFER. Being part of a motivated and skilled team. Rewarding and stable job in a multinational team. Cooperate with colleagues and experts from all over the world. Lots of creative opportunities to turn your sports passion into a job. Seeing your work being used in production. Flexible working hours. State of the art equipment to work with. Company perks: new office building, cantina, health checks, fitness center, opportunity for further professional development. The minimum monthly salary (for 40 hours) for this position is EUR 3, 000 gross, depending on qualifications and working experience. SPORTRADAR. The Sportradar group is a truly international organisation, employing over 1, 900 people in more than 30 locations around the world. Our rapid growth is driven by technological innovation and a deep understanding of our clients business needs. It is our commitment to excellent service, quality and reliability that makes us the trusted partner of more than 1, 000 companies in over 80 countries. We occupy a unique position at the intersection of the sports, media and betting industries. Our team collaborates globally and is committed to solve the challenges we face on our way but never without a pinch of fun and play. Make the team: Join us and shape your future as well as ours!. How to Apply:If you feel this role resonates with you, please apply directly through the link below or alternatively by sending your application to jobs@sportradar. com. sportradar. jacando. comsgenjobmsZkdBSo?applicantview=applicant. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5256786, Medien, Verlagswesen, , Sportradar GmbH, kcdn. atcompany50730844705logosportradargmbh. companymid. gif, Leonding, 4060, Technologiering 1317, sameAs: sportradar. com
Internship in Machine Learning, Working at SKIDATA in an international company may not be a surprise. That you start from the first day on your own responsibility, perhaps already. World market fuxccxraining access solutions looking praxishungrige young talents (wm) as. Internship in Machine Learning. As our technology behind barriers and access readers uxccx88 surprised you, it has already convinced a thousand times in uxccx88ber 100 countries eg in ski resorts, airports, stadiums and Freizeitparks.DEINE TASKS: You support the team of the Project Management Office in the development of a solution for a specific requirement. As part of this, you develop a concept for how data can be obtained from two different systems. You combine various technologies such as image analysis, classical data analysis to find a match.DU CONVINCED. An ongoing technical education of a university or FH. Good knowledge of image processing. Experience with databases. Innovative, analytical and research thinking. Very good knowledge of English in spoken and written. Commitment and high solution orientation. WE SURPRISE WITH. International environment. Full team support. Valuable practical experience. Professional work equipment. Free space to participate. Tips for studying profession. Apply now if you want to make sure your contribution to the world market leader. We offer a gross salary in line with the market (EUR 1,400 students, EUR 1,600 undergraduate students, EUR 1,700 master students) For all names that refer to persons the chosen wording both sexes, even if for reasons of easier readability the male form is given. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, INTERN, Grödig, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5256948, electronics, automation, meal allowance, health measures, flexible working hours, SKIDATA AG, kcdn. atcompany2572296506logoskidataag. companymid. jpg, GrödigSalzburg, 5083, Untersbergstraße 40, sameAs: skidata. comkarriere
Data Scientist (wm), you want to accompany BAWAG P.S.K. on your way to the most efficient omnichannel bank in Austria and are looking for a challenging job in a dynamic industry? We rely on simple and transparent products and pick up our customers wherever they are: in the middle of life. Go this way with us !. DATA SCIENTIST (wm). Your tasks: Continuous development of analytical models, events and target group segments. Operationalization of modeling results and target group selections into concrete marketing activities. Continuous validation and improvement of the efficiency of the models. Development of reports and monitoring of existing measures. Representation of CRM in various projects and expert committees. Further development of strategic and tactical customer segmentation (eg cross-selling patterns). Independent analysis of existing processes as well as derivation and implementation of improvement measures. Capture, recognize and understand individual problems of different departments and solve them effectively. Your profile: University degree (FH) in statistics, data analysis or a comparable discipline or several years of experience in the analysis of large amounts of data with appropriate training. Very good knowledge of quantitative and statistical methods and using appropriate software, eg Python, R, SPSS, Tableau, Business Objects including current libraries like Keras, Tensorflow, CNTK, XGBoost, LightGBM. Very good knowledge of SQL programming. Experience in the application-oriented data warehouse environment and in-depth IT knowledge, especially in the area of ​​databases. Knowledge in project management. We offer: An exciting job and the opportunity to actively shape the future of banking as an expert or manager in a dynamic time. An environment in which women and men with self-motivation and motivation can achieve a great deal, while at the same time achieving a good balance between their private and professional obligations. Attractive career and training opportunities as well as numerous social benefits and benefits. For this position, a full-time KV minimum basic salary of EUR 32.956, 28 gross annually. Depending on experience and vocational training, there is a willingness to overpay. Your contact person for this position: Christine Erben. We look forward to receiving your application. In the meantime you have to start with BAWAG P. S. K. jobs. bawagpsk. com. , 20180314T15: 43: 010100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5256965, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Easy Access , Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home Office, Company retirement plans, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, BAWAG PSK, kcdn. atcompany422367508logobawagpsk. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Georg Koch Square 2, same as: bawagpsk. com
Geoinformatics scientist Software developer, The Earth Observation Data Centre GmbH (EODC) is active in the field of earth observation, providing services to international customers from the private and public sector. As data centre, the EODC operates a multitier and multipetabyte storage system, connected to various compute environments including Austrias most powerful supercomputer, the Vienna Scientific Cluster 3 (VSC3). To strengthen our software services team, we are looking for a. Geoinformatics scientist Software developer. fulltime, place of employment: Vienna, Austria. You will be responsible for the implementation of a data cube for higher level earth observation data. Your responsibilities include. evaluation of existing open source and commercial data cube solutions. implementation of a data cube system on the EODC cloud infrastructure. implementation and integration of RESTful APIs and other web services on top of the data cube. integration of the data cube system into the existing spatial data infrastructure. ingestion of existing datasets into the data cube. documentation of the system. collaborate with other teams to incorporate best practices and innovations into our services. follow technology trends and constantly strive to learn new technology stacks. We work with. i. a. Python, Git, Ansible, Docker, Terraform, Jenkins, GitLab Runner, OpenShift, Kubernetes, OpenStack, OpenNebula, PostgreSQLPostGIS. Your qualifications. profound knowledge of relational databases andor array database management systems. profound knowledge of geospatial data formats and standards (GeoTIFF, HDF5, NetCDF, JP2, xe2x80xa6). experience with geospatial software libraries and tools (GDAL, GeoTrellis,). good knowledge of OGC standards and services (WMS, WFS, CSW,). expertise in at least one programming or scripting language (preferably Python). experience in usage (and implementation) of RESTful APIs. good knowledge of UnixLinux environments and related application layer commands. passion for free and opensource solutions. fluent written and spoken English. We offer. exciting range of activities, collaborations and projects with national and international partners in the area of earth observation. insights in the processing of data acquired by European and international satellite missions. a crucial role in a highly motivated, talented team. handson experience with cuttingedge technology stacks. a minimum wage of 2600, Euro gross salary per month for a fulltime position (38, 5 hours per week) with overpayment depending on qualification. collective agreement: xe2x80x9eDienstleistungen in der automatischen Datenverarbeitung und Informationstechnik, KV Gruppe: Spezielle Tätigkeiten 1. Up for a challenge?. Please submit your application documents (application letter, detailed CV and relevant references) via email until 19th April 2018, 09: 00 AM, to: jobs@eodc. eu. Earth Observation Data Centre GmbH Gusshausstrasse 2729CA0206 1040 Vienna Austria Web: eodc. eu. , 20180315T08: 57: 160100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5257387, Internet, IT, Telekom, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Aus und Weiterbildung , EODC Earth Observation Data Centre for Water Resources Monitoring GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1129773145908logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1040, Gusshausstrasse 2729CA 02 06, sameAs: eodc. eu
Data Analyst (mw), UNITO is part of the BaurGroup and belongs to the global Otto Group. Together, we have around 54,000 colleagues in more than 123 companies in more than 20 countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, with sales of more than 12.5 billion in fiscal year 201617. UNITO itself operates 21 online shops in 7 markets (Austria, Germany , Switzerland and selected Eastern European countries). Our locations are Salzburg and Graz with 646 colleagues and sales of 341 million euros in the last fiscal year 201617. Overall, UNITO combines 8 brands under one roof (including Universal, OTTO, Quelle) .We are now looking for Graz full-time. Data Analyst (mw). Your tasks. Ongoing control and optimization of automated credit systems for credit checks and receivables management. Selection, provision and analysis of data and statistics. Independent editing of projects. Test and release of company-specific software. Preliminary data selection for reporting, and reporting. Interface function to other departments. Your profile. Completed degree (University, FHBakk. MA) with focus on mathematics, statistics, data science, controlling, m IT or similar with SQLQueries or a database program desirable. Sound knowledge of MSOffice (Excel, PowerPoint). Very good numerical understanding and analytical thinking. High degree of independence and initiative. Good communication and cooperation skills. You like solving complex tasks with enthusiasm, then you are the right candidate for us. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collective agreement minimum salary for this position on a full-time basis at EUR 22. 204 p. a. lies. However, our salary packages are based on current market salaries and are therefore of course above the specified minimum salary. Convince us with your documents and send us today your full CV including photo, a letter of motivation, relevant certificates and your earliest possible entry date. Please use our online application form for this. Your contact person for this position is Sabine Uray. If you have questions you can also write to Whatsapp at: 0664 8126127. We look forward to receiving your application !. Apply online now. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5257429, Trade,, UNITO Versand Dienstleistungen GmbH, kcdn. atcompany155761320274logounitoversanddienstleistungengmbh. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, Alte Poststrasse 152, sameAs: unito. at
Process Mining Consultant (mw), Process Mining Consultant (mw). We are looking for a Process Mining Consultant (mw) for our Information Technology department in Vienna or Graz. ANDRITZGRUPPE is one of the worlds leading suppliers of plants, equipment and services for hydropower plants, the pulp and paper industry, the metalworking industry and the steel industry municipal and industrial solid-liquid separation. The headquarters of the listed international technology group, which employs around 25,700 people worldwide, is located in Graz, Austria. ANDRITZ operates more than 250 locations worldwide. Your tasks. Planning, design and realization of process mining projects. Coordination and coordination of requirements from the departments. Design of the process mining strategy. Create analyzes and reports. Execution of tests and trainings as well as rollout of process mining analyzes. Your profile. Degree (FHUNI) in one of the subjects Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics or comparable field of study. Sound business understanding for all types of business processes. Professional service and customer orientation. First experience in business intelligence, data analysis and big data or data science. Knowledge of SQL and SAP is an advantage. Structured work and a quick grasp. Our range. In the role of the project manager you proactively realize the optimization of business processes and bring lasting transparency into digital processes. For this position, a collective agreement minimum gross salary of 3. 192, 58 EUR per month. Depending on professional qualifications and relevant professional experience, an overpayment is agreed. Development opportunities within our worldwide operating company are open to you. Your application. Please apply via our online application tool. You have the possibility to upload your application documents (curriculum vitae, school and study certificates, official certificates, photo). We look forward to receiving your application !. Günther Proksch. ANDRITZ AG Stattegger Strasse 18 8045 Graz. andritz. com. , 20180315T09: 59: 300100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Graz, Styria, AT, 5257455, Energy industry, Environment, Canteen, Food supplement, Company doctor, Fitness offers, Parking lot, Education and training, Childcare, Employee events, Flexible hours, Employee benefits, ANDRITZ GROUP, kcdn. atcompany301296388logoandritzag. companymid. jpg, Graz, 8045, Stattegger Straße 18, sameAs: andritz. com
Process Mining Data Scientist (mw), Process Mining Data Scientist (mw). We are looking for a Process Mining Data Scientist (mw) for our Information Technology department in Vienna or Graz. The ANDRITZ GROUP is one of the worlds leading suppliers of plants, equipment and services for hydropower plants, the pulp and paper industry, the metalworking industry and the steel industry municipal and industrial solid-liquid separation. The headquarters of the listed international technology group, which employs around 25,700 people worldwide, is located in Graz, Austria. ANDRITZ operates more than 250 locations worldwide. Your tasks. Analysis of the technical feasibility of internal customer requirements. Creating data models, analysis reports. Identification of relevant process KPIxc2xb4s and process inefficiencies. Introduction of the developed Process Mining Analyzes. Conducting tests and user training. End-user support and ongoing system administration. Your profile. Degree (FHUNI) in one of the subjects Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics or comparable field of study. Know how to work with ETL processes and knowledge in data modeling. First experience in business intelligence, data analysis and big data or data science. Knowledge of SQL and SAP is an advantage. Flair for complex processes with analytical thinking. Structured work and a quick grasp. Our range. They work with the latest process mining technologies to optimize business processes to bring transparency into digital processes.For this position, a collectively agreed minimum gross salary of 3. 192, 58 EUR per month.Each subject to professional qualifications and relevant professional experience, an overpayment is agreed. Development opportunities in the framework of our globally operating company are open to you.Your application. Please apply via our online application tool. You have the possibility to upload your application documents (curriculum vitae, school and study certificates, official certificates, photo). We look forward to receiving your application !. Günther Proksch. ANDRITZ AG Stattegger Strasse 18 8045 Graz. andritz. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Graz, Styria, AT, 5257456, Energy Industry, Environment, Canteen, Food Allowance, Company Doctor, Fitness Facilities, Parking Lot, Education & Training, Child Care, Employee Events, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, ANDRITZ GROUP, kcdn. atcompany301296388logoandritzag. companymid. jpg, Graz, 8045, Stattegger Straße 18, sameAs: andritz. com
Technical Customer Application Expert, Since 1991 HAKOM has a clear focus on the management of energy data. Our company consists of a team of experts in the energy market as well as IT specialists and has access to an excellent network of long-term partners. Our customers include, for example, the EVN Group, Wien Energie, Energieallianz Austria GmbH and another 100 customers in Germany, Austria and Southeastern Europe. As a first-class technology provider in the big data sector, we operate across Europe and set the market standard for complex calculation processes in terms of performance. To strengthen our motivated and innovative team, we are looking for one. Technical Customer Application Expert. You know the HAKOM Big Energy Data Suite and form the interface between our partners and customers as well as our development. They know the processes of our customers and can implement their knowledge in an energy-economical context. They assist our partners and enterprise customers with requests for interfaces and databases. Their tasks include. Continuous support of partners and customers for relevant product and process-specific inquiries (change requests, error messages, interface adaptations, xe2x80xa6). Technical and content-related processing of inquiries about our interfaces (especially web service interfaces) and databases. Interface between partners or customers and software development. Coordination and implementation of release updates for partners and customers. Conducting training. Your profile. Technical education with a focus on ITEDV (FH or HTL with at least 3 years of professional experience or university). Experience with web services as well as the use and operation of databases (Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL). Knowledge of a programming language. Experience in software engineering and change management. Interest in energy management issues. Customers and results-oriented personality. High quality awareness and networked thinking. Excellent German and fluent English skills. We offer. many training opportunities. Mentoring. Flexible working hours. Company events. Coffee, tea, water fruits. Team spirit. Kitchen restaurants nearby. Dog-friendly workplace. The salary earmarked for this activity in the applicable collective agreement amounts to EUR 2,898 per month, based on full-time employment at the standard level of the ST1 activity family. Due to creditable work experience or additional qualifications and / or assumption of further activities an overpayment is possible. Become a part of HAKOM! We look forward to receiving your detailed application including cover letter, CV and certificates via email to hr @ hakom. at!. Web: hakom. at., 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5257471, Internet, IT, Telecom,, HAKOM Solutions GmbH, kcdn. atcompany8034426690logohakomedvdienstleistungsgesmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1230, Lemböckgasse 61Stair 26th floor, sameAs: hakom. at
Mathematician (wm) in actuarial, Willis Towers Watson is one of the worlds leading advisory, broking and solutions companies. We help our clients to generate growth from risk. Our roots go back to 1828. Today, Willis Towers Watson has around 40,000 employees in more than 140 countries in Germany and Austria. We have more than 1,200 employees at 14 locations. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize operational benefits, promote talent and increase capital. In this way, we protect and strengthen companies and employees. Our unique perspective enables us to identify the critical cross-section of talent, assets, and ideas to drive business performance. Together we make potential productive. In addition to preparing actuarial valuations based on national and international valuation methods, our employees in the area of ​​xe2x80x9eRetirement  support and advise our clients on the structuring, management and financing of their pension benefits. This also includes the actuarial support and development of the pension plans, taking into account the working, tax and financial framework conditions. Here, our consultants take into account the respective customer-specific features. To strengthen our team, we are looking for the Vienna location from now on. Mathematician (wm) in the Actuariat. (Code 32795). What awaits you? In a combination of mathematics and customer contact you are a more competent contact for our customers. Its tasks include: preparing actuarial valuations according to national and international valuation methods and providing all related advisory activities. Collaboration in national and international projects with national relevance. Preparation of forecast calculations on long-term burdens from pension plans. Processing of complex data stocks. Preparation of advisory services, expert opinions and statements in the field of occupational pensions. Maintenance, expansion and development of customer relations. We are looking for a new colleague with xe2x80xa6. a mathematical study ideally with an emphasis on actuarial science. ideally 3 years of relevant professional experience in preparing actuarial valuations according to national and international valuation methods. Expertise in the field of occupational pension provision in Austria. the ability to conduct technical discussions for general advice and customer service as well as strong customer orientation. the ability to work independently and a high degree of initiative. very good Excel skills ideally experience with VBA for Excel. very good German and at least good English skills. You will find a professional environment with employees who look forward to your competent support. A permanent cooperation, cooperative team culture and professional knowledge management are our priority. Learn more at willistowerswatson.com. de.Interessiert ?. Please apply online via willistowerswatson. under the heading  Career  or send your full application to recruiting. ger @ willi tower watson. com. Your contact person is Eva Girsch, Tel.: 43 1 715 94 74. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer. , 20180321T00: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5257518, Banking, Financial, Insurance,, Towers Watson Austria GmbH,, Vienna, 1060, Mariahilfer Strasse 1032Top 44, sameAs: towerswatson. com
Chief of Development Lab (mw) looking to build a revolutionary software product! CTO, CPO, Startup Founder Co: Challenge accepted ?, Chief of Development Lab (mw) looking to build a revolutionary software product! CTO, CPO, Startup Founder Co: Challenge accepted ?. (Jn 41170) Place of work: Upper Austria. Would you like to design a globally unique Saa solution? At our customer, a world leader in the IT industry, you have the opportunity to build a new Security Software Lab! Thanks to machine learning, RASPApproach and extensive real-time data, cyberattacks are identified in advance. Complex hacker attacks can be prevented with this cloud solution without any configuration effort and with automatic scalability. Your future role. RAFW was yesterday! You are responsible for designing an innovative security monitoring solution with RASPApproach (in combination with agent-based real-time data in real-time and artificial intelligence). Conception and strategic design of a revolutionary SaaS product in close collaboration with Chief Software Architects and RDTeams are in your area of ​​activity Product management optimizes extraordinary user journeys with a focus on an excellent customer experience. Successively build your own security expert team (eg product management, security research, software engineering). At international conferences, you can ensure the wow effect of renowned customers , Several years of professional experience in managing a software company, a product management and / or development team. In-depth software development know-how. Passion for RASPApproach (Runtime Application SelfProtection Security) and AI or Machine Learning. Innovative spirit with vision and enthusiasm. Leadership style according to the motto:  Lead by Example . The special thing about this position. Foundation of a startup within a world market leader. Flat hierarchies, short decision paths and full scope for action. Open corporate culture: celebrating success together, OpenDoorPolicy, agile cooperation and unique team spirit. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 80,000, gross. Depending on your prior professional experience and expertise, of course, there is the willingness to market and positionally overpaid. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Christine Frühwirth (0732 61122128), christine. Fruehwirth @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180315T12: 46: 460100, FULLTIME, Upper Austria, Upper Austria, AT, 5257597, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Vice President (mw) Technical Customer Success for globally successful software company !, Vice President (mw) Technical Customer Success for globally successful software company !. (Jn 41208) Place of work: Upper Austria. Our client is a globally successful software company that has made a name for itself with top products and services from its international customers. You want to use innovative methods to drive the steady growth of a global market leader and to proactively optimize customer satisfaction? Then maybe we are looking for you !. Your future role. You are driving innovation in a successful Saas product to ensure an excellent customer experience and thus contribute significantly to strategic business decisions. In your role, you take responsibility for 10 team leads (mw) and 90 solution engineers (mw) at the international level. In close coordination with internal departments, you will pursue promising approaches in the areas of Artificial IntelligenceBig Data and are responsible for process automation. The exclusive partner support of world market leaders in various industries rounds off your diverse task profile. You offer. As Head of Product Management Software Development, you bring several years of leadership expertise and product development experience to you. Customer satisfaction is not just a buzzword for you, its about transforming  Customer Experience  to  Customer Success  .They are characterized by an innovative and agile mindset can inspire and motivate your team with your visions. With the Dos Donts in the international business you are very familiar from previous projects. The special feature of this position. Innovative environment with short decision paths and full creative freedom. International flair and Fortune 500 companies with well connected teams on different continents. Dynamic corporate culture, in which professional work is done, but the fun is not too short. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 80,000, gross. Of course, depending on previous professional experience and expertise, there is a willingness to overpay market and position-matching. If you see a challenge in this position, you can apply online. The responsible contact person, Jennifer Plutsch (43 732 61 12 21163), jennifer. plutsch @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Upper Austria, Upper Austria, AT, 5257599, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
(Senior) Consultant (Senior) IT Consultant Digitization webMethods (mw), (Senior) Consultant (Senior) IT Consultant Digitization webMethods (mw). Location in Austria: Vienna. You are interested in the creation and implementation of concepts for individual application solutions of well-known customers? Are you looking forward to exciting and demanding tasks with future-oriented technology? You know what is behind SOA, ESB and BPM and convince with your know how and appearance at the customer? Then you can soon strengthen our team as (Senior) Consultant (mw). Software AG offers you the opportunity to develop flexible solutions based on service-oriented architectures for our international customers. The in-house, worlds first Digital Business Platform is an ideal tool to implement Big Data, MDM, Streaming Analytics, IoT, SOA and, of course, BPM solutions exactly according to customer requirements and to establish them in large IT landscapes. As (Senior) Consultant (mw) we support and advise you in the analysis, design and development of customer solutions, combining our technologies with state-of-the-art technologies from other manufacturers to create a homogeneous solution. YOUR TASKS. Analysis, design and development of customized IT solutions based on our Digital Business Platform with a focus on. System Integration with ESB (webMethods Integration ServerMessaging) undoder. Process design and implementation with BPMN (webMethods BPMS) andor. WebGUI implementation with webMethods Composite Application Framework (CAF) based on Java technologies (JSF, JavaScript) andor. Analysis of big data streams and event processing with APAMA. Advice to our customers regarding service-oriented architectures. Preparation and execution of requirement analyzes. Creation of concepts. Coaching the IT department and the department of our customers. Professional support of our sales team in the acquisition phase. YOUR PROFILE. After completing your degree or degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, or any other technical and / or academic degree, you will find your way into practice and accumulate several years of project experience in the J2EE environment and with webMethods or similar third-party suites. They bring with them very good Java programming knowledge, in-depth experience in UML design, design and implementation of service-oriented architectures or business processes based on webMethods or similar suites from other manufacturers. They are familiar with methodological analysis and design and can present the findings in an appealing way in writing. You speak German and English in written and spoken form. They convince by their customer-oriented appearance, communicative skills, a high level of social competence and a winning way. Creativity, flexibility and willingness to travel in the German-speaking countries round off your profile. WE OFFER YOU. Intensive training program including personal support for an optimal start at Software AG. 2-day introductory event WelcomeDays in our headquarters in Darmstadt. Innovative digitization projects at well-known customers. Comprehensive individual training opportunities for your professional and personal development. Targeted career promotion. Attractive, performance-based remuneration. Pleasant and collegial working atmosphere in a dedicated and motivated team. Good WorkLifeBalance. Interested?. We look forward to receiving your complete application documents via our online procedure, indicating a possible starting date and your salary requirements. Contact: Yvonne Exeler, HR Recruiting, Tel.: 49 681 (0) 210 3727, Email: yvonne. Exeler @ Software AG. com The salary for this position amounts to EURO 55. 000, gross per year. An overpayment is possible according to your training and previous experience. Learn more about Software AG: SoftwareAG. com. , 20180328T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5257710, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Software AG (Software GmbH Austria), kcdn. atcompany62751945078logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1220, Donau City Str. 1, sameAs: softwareag. at
International Commercial Insights Analyst, International Commercial Insights Analyst. Sales. Objective of this new role (mf) is on the one hand to identify opportunities through global Commercial Insights and Reporting and on the other hand to implement a proper and effective Perfect Store execution across all OFP subteams through analytics projects. To make sure the OFP organization focusses on the right priorities the role will lead and streamline the global reporting efforts and provide key Commercial Insights. Further, the role will execute projects to ensure through the line execution of the OFP strategy and be a facilitator through hands on Best Practice Analytics Projects. These use cases should be prepared for broader implementation based on business priorities of the new sales strategy and a rigorous data analysis.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull GmbH. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). Analytics Project executionConduct Analytics projects with country teams. Liaison with Global Analytics Lab and Data Science department. Follow up on implementation with country teams. Global Sales ReportingExecute and present monthly and quarterly international sales reporting. Support strategic sales initiatives with specific management reports. Prepare analysis for Business Planning and respond to Adhoc requests. Analytics CapabilitiesSupport the development of analytical capabilities in Sales (e. g. Statistics, Data Base management, Visualization). Development of Commercial Insights CommunityShare best practices from the Commercial Insights department. Organize Sales Analytics meetings. Support global sales workshops. Your experience includes:(proven performance in). 3 years FMCG experience, preferably beverages. Experience in international Sales Business Insights, Category Management or Consulting with strategic and implementation experience. Proficiency in MS Excel and PowerPoint, SAP BI, BO and Tableau knowledge, SQL or R is a plus. Process oriented approach and understanding of sales processes. Excellent analytical and project management skills. Proven people and stake holder management. Performance and result oriented with a handson pragmatic approach. Excellent communication skills orally and in written; team player. University Degree Bachelor or Master. English required. Additional language is a plus. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, attn. Thomas Diller, Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1. 687, gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180326T00: 35: 550200, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5257907, Handel, , Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
Part-time accountant (20 hours), VisoTech Energy Trading Reinvented. Since 1999, VisoTech has been offering innovative software solutions for mapping, automating and optimizing energy business processes. Well-known customers from all over Europe have been relying on our solutions for many years. With the autoTRADER we are the European market leader for algorithmic short-term trading of electricity and gas. We are looking for experts who work with us to advance the development of our product and help us to keep competitors away from new ideas and approaches. Our StartUp culture, the use of the latest technologies as well as current topics such as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence provide an exciting working environment in a highly professional and agile team. Bookkeeper part-time (20 hours). wanted to reinforce our aspiring team. Your tasks: Accounts Payable, Cash, Banks, Accruals, Reposting and Posting. Booking of credit cards and expense reports. Bookings in connection with foreign business. Asset Accounting. Creation of tax reports such as UVA, ZM, VST refund, etc.Support for travel bookings and ordering. Your profile: Accountant examination and at least three years accounting experience. Excellent knowledge of BMD NTCS. Good EDP knowledge is required (Windows, Office 365). You are very independent, accurate and structured. As a team player you also have fun solving problems independently. Own ideas and solutions bring you into your work. We offer: Undisturbed work is important to us. Therefore, we rely on offices with a maximum of two people per room. We offer our staff free lunch, coffee, Wuzzelraum, Radabstellplatz and shower facilities. In addition, we support our employees, of course, through targeted training and further education. We celebrate together our successes and organize various events for our employees.The minimum salary for the part-time position is EUR16. 771, p. a. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with market conditions. For more information about our company, see visotech. com.Interessiert? Then send your detailed application documents to: jobs @ visotech. com We look forward to seeing you !. , 20180316T10: 49: 000100, PARTTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5258501, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food allowance, Employee events, Flexible working hours, VisoTech Softwarenentwicklungsges. m. b. H., kcdn. atcompany162002578208logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1230, Lemböckgasse 491A5. OG, sameAs: visotech. com
Project Manager Central Technical Department (MCC) (mw), Ref. Nr:RHI01378. Standort:Leoben. Tätigkeitsbereich:Technik. Art der Stelle:Vollzeit. Project Manager Central Technical Department (MCC) (mw). About RHI Magnesita. The driving force of the refractory industry. With 14, 000 highly skilled people across more than 35 countries, we produce 2. 9 million tons of refractory materials each year. These enable the hightemperature production of steel, cement and glass and many more materials essential to daily life.We e acknowledged industry leaders in innovative technology. But to deliver results for customers, that technology has to be put to work effectively. By people. Thats why we attach so much importance to our people. To a leadership style that encourages openness, fresh thinking and initiative. To a collaborative culture that values ideas and determination to add value for our customers. Colleagues who are downtoearth, positive, energetic and optimistic make strong teams who get results.We look for. We are currently looking for a Project Manager Central Technical Department MCC in Austria (mf).Your tasks. Supporting all RHI Magnesita production plants in the corresponding manufacturing process step with technical and technological knowhow during specific projects and tasks (feasibility studies, engineering implementation of investments, process optimizations, maintenance) with focus on Life Cycle Costs and Health Safety. KnowHow management. Internalexternal benchmarking. Developing and defining BestPractice processes and equipment. Developing pools of competent suppliers. Project management of key projects within RHI Magnesita operations involving different plants andor different company sectorsunits. Supporting the RHI Magnesita investment process of all major capex projects. Different processes you may be involved in:Raw material processing. Crushing, milling, screening, sorting, flotation. Sintering electrofusion in shaft kilns, rotary kilns, electric arc furnaces. Storaging, dosing, weighing, mixing. Shaping hydraulic, mechanical, isostatical presses. Thermal processing in periodic or continuous kilns, furnaces and dryers. Automation (material handling equipment, robotics, control systems, SCADA systems). Finishing (Grinding, drilling, impregnating, coating, packaging). All process steps include environmental protection and HS equipment (e. g. exhaust gas treatment, functional safety equipment) as well as operational excellence. Professional Requirements. University degree (secondary or tertiary education) or higher technical education in the fields of mineral resources engineering, industrial environmental protection process engineering, chemical engineering, ceramics, mechanical engineering, electric engineering, automation or similar technical studies. First professional experience in a technical area preferred. Project management skills are beneficial. Lean management techniques and tools are beneficial. Understanding of business economics. Excellent knowledge in German and English, additional language skills (e. g. Portuguese, Chinese) are beneficial. Proficiency in MS Office. Additional skills like CAD, SAP are beneficial. Personal Requirements. High problemsolving ability with good communication skills. Analytical thinking and resultoriented. Ability to work with ig data. Independent and selfresponsible way of working. Proactive team player with handson mentality. Flexibility and willingness to travel. Willingness to work with different cultures all over the world. Motivated to seek to the best available technology. Handson mentality. Good communication skills. Strong service and customer focus. High degree of responsibility. Organizational talent. Team player mentality. We offer. Attractive opportunity for graduates. Detailed introduction into the tasks through our experts. Flat hierarchies with short decisionmaking processes. Varied and challenging occupation with a world market leader. Cooperation with a dynamic team. Excellent development and career opportunities as well as wide range of training programs. Exciting tasks in an international environment. Wide range of amenities of a global market leader (internal health care management, various insurance benefits, etc. ). Flexible working hours. For this full time position (38. 5 working hours) the monthly gross salary according to collective bargaining agreement starts from EUR 3. 259, 67. The actual level of remuneration depends on skills and experience. Interested? Please send us your application documents (CV, motivation letter, certificates) now.We are looking forward to your online application!. Contact. Mag Sebastian Pixner, MSc.Jetzt bewerben. , 20180319T00: 00: 000100, FULLTIME, Leoben, Steiermark, AT, 5258663, Industrie, Produktion, Essenszulage, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, RHI Magnesita, kcdn. atcompany36233206467unbenannt. companymid. png, Wien, 1100, Wienerbergstrasse 9, sameAs:
Medical Lead (fm) Leadership role innovative products, Our client is one of the largest European pharmaceutical companies and a healthy company with strong pioneering spirit. The scienceled global healthcare company researches and develops a broad range of innovative products in several therapeutic areas.For the Austrian market (office in Vienna) our client offers the following unique career opportunity:Medical Lead (fm). Leadership role innovative products. Key responsibilities in an innovative therapy area.You.develop a long term medical strategic vision for the entire therapy area. develop execute medical affairs plans adherent to the strategy that include Patient Support Programs, External Expert Engagement Plans, medical part of and support scientific discussions of access related dossiers like reimbursement file, tender file,. provide medical advice and training for the therapy area. are a spokesperson at external scientific events and provide compelling presentations on scientific know how. take decisions related to medical affairs budget and related to budget for HCP and CME sponsorship. provide medical oversight of clinical trials in Austria. lead a Medical Affairs team. cooperate closely with the crossfunctional team (Marketing, Sales, Market Access, Communication,). You.have a medical degree or a degree in natural science, preferably MD or PhD. gained knowhow in immunology, epidemiology, paediatrics or infectiology. have profound industry experience in similar roles like Medical Manager, Medical Advisor, MSLLead. have brilliant written and verbal communication and presentation skills (in German English). have proven competencies in driving success through collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. are able to interpret and present complex clinical data to a variety of audiences. manage complexity successfully. Your benefits.join a dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading pharmaceutical companies. work with innovative products. career opportunities are waiting for you. enjoy an appreciative work environment. a monthly gross base salary from EUR 5. 000. with willingness of overpayment depended on your qualifications and relevant experience as performance based premiums, attractive fringe benefits a company car. If you are highly motivated and ambitious to make the next career step, we are looking forward to receiving your comprehensive application with a copy of your CV and a detailed covering letter in English via eMail directly to Birgit Prochazka or through our ISG career portal with reference to 68. 801.ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A1020 Vienna, Rustenschacherallee 38. Mag Birgit Prochazka, T: 43 1 512 35 0516. eMail: bewerbung. prochazka@isg. com. , 20180316T12: 42: 450100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5258675, Personaldienstleistung, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
ITConsultant Data Analytics (mw), Our customer, Graf Moser Management GmbH, is an innovative IT and consulting company that offers tailor-made, individual data analytics, business intelligence and controlling solutions. a. Cultural Planner for its customers in the arts and cultural sector offers. To strengthen the young and dynamic team in the center of Vienna, we are looking for a committed employee on the basis of a long-term employment. ITCONSULTANT Data Analytics (mw). 16. 03. 2018. You already have professional experience in the IT environment and would like to develop further in the arts and culture sector? Then apply for this exciting position. Your tasks: Independent processing of IT and consulting projects on the topics of BI, management information systems, analytical CRM and controlling in Germany and abroad. Cooperation in the implementation of the products at the customer. Ongoing support for existing solutions and customers as well as further development of software products. Quality assurance and project management. Your requirements: Professional experience in the areas of IT or consulting. Sound business knowledge. Well-founded database (SQL) and Excel knowledge. Very good analytical and process-oriented thinking. Independent, results-oriented work. Communicative and competent appearance. Interest in the arts and culture industry. Willingness to travel (mainly day trips in Europe). Facts: Place of employment: Vienna. from now on. Full time. Apply now. Contact: Mrs. Mag Ursula Wiesinger. We offer you. A comprehensive training phase and the opportunity to quickly take on your own project responsibility. Development opportunities in a growing company. Varied and responsible projects in the IT sector. Family atmosphere and flat hierarchies. Flexible time management. Office in a central location. Benefits: organic fruit, coffee tea, TeamEvents, training offer. The starting salary is between EUR 2. 500, and EUR 3. 000, gross per month. The actual salary is based on relevant professional experience and / or qualification. The Vienna University of Technology strives to increase the proportion of women and therefore explicitly calls qualified women to apply. Applicants who are equally qualified as the most suitable competitor will be given priority, unless the reasons prevail in the person of a competitor. We endeavor to hire people with disabilities with the appropriate qualifications and therefore explicitly ask for your application. If you have any questions, please contact the disability representative of TU Vienna, Mr. Gerhard Neustätter. Applicants are not entitled to compensation for incurred travel and subsistence expenses incurred on the occasion of the admission procedure. , 20180316T13: 19: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5258765, Personnel Service,, TU Career Center, kcdn. atcompany17415359133logotucareercentergmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Wiedener Hauptstraße 232518, sameAs: tucareer. com
Subject Expert Data Analysis BI Who We Are. Today we say CrowdFunding. We call it a cooperative. Raiffeisen is a modern banking group and our philosophy ensures that value added stays where it is created. In the region. We look for the best possible solutions together with our customers and believe that WinWin solutions achieve the best results. We live and work with our customers in the region. Those who work for Raiffeisen share responsibility for the largest Austrian banking group and make their contribution to the success of the market leader. Our clear goal is to keep this position. Thats why we have a lot in mind with our employees. They are not only our best investment, but also our greatest asset. Thats why we offer challenging jobs in a wide range of areas, as well as advancement and development opportunities for all employees. Because one thing is clear: We promote and demand our employees optimally, we also achieve more as a company. Sounds like a company that could be fun to work with? Very good, because then we are looking for you to support our ProzessmanagementTeam als.Fachexpertein Datenanalyse BI. Tasks: As a subject matter BIData analysis you analyze new requirements for our BI environment together with the departments. They represent these requirements with modern methods (UserStories, MockUps) and tools and develop solutions with our software developers. Detailed data analyzes are just as much a part of the daily tasks as the collaboration in projects and the preparation of documents. Agile methods are an essential part of your work. Prerequisites: You are a determined, dynamic and communicative team player and you are interested in actively helping to shape a company. Ideally you already have experience in Business Intelligence and DWH or have recently completed your education (Data Science or similar). You are a communicative personality with organizational skills, extraordinary analytical thinking and an agile mindset. Your strengths. You are flexible in thinking and acting. You have analytical, entrepreneurial thinking and an understanding of data. Personal initiative and structured as well as team-oriented way of working distinguish you. You can quickly capture, visualize and work on complex issues in a result-oriented manner. Your experience in project management and in the creation of database evaluations (SQL) are an advantage. They have a professional and safe manner and can moderate meetings with appropriate preparation. We offer: a modern workplace in easy reachable location. personal development and prospects for your career. a great working atmosphere in a motivated team. a flexible working time model. a range of other amenities, such as staff restaurant, weekly fresh fruit, etc. For more insights on the company click here: kununu. comatraiffeisenlandesbanksalzburg. We turn to dynamic, ready-to-use individuals who value independent work in a performance-oriented team. Collective agreement minimum wage acc. xc2xa792 GlBG: Collective agreement for the employees of the Raiffeisen Banking Group, Group D EUR 2. 222, 23. Depending on qualifications and experience, there is a willingness to overpay. Apply online now. Apply online or send your detailed application documents to: Raiffeisenverband Salzburg eGen. Human Resources Department. Dr. Ing. Markus Winkel Meier. Franz Josef street 14. 5020 Salzburg. karrierebeiraiffeisen. at., 20180319T07: 40: 580100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5259344, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, Raiffeisenverband Salzburg, kcdn. atcompany39201148989logoraiffeisenverbandsalzburgegen. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5024, Schwarzstraße 1315, same as: salzburg. Raiffeisen. at
Presales Consulting jun. (mw), IT is all about career choices. Become part of our team. We are looking for the location Graz (mw): Presales Consulting jun. Junior Presales Consultant in the field. Your tasks. Project cooperation in the development of IT solutions strategies and concepts. Strategic and technical consulting for customers in IT future topics such as cloud computing, mobility, big data or virtualization. Professional support of sales. Conduct offer and project presentations. Continuous project support until implementation. Your qualification knowledge. Completed economics education with affinity for technology or technical education with additional economic shares (HTLFH). Distinctive customers and sales orientation in combination with business thinking. Responsible, analytical and solution-oriented way of working. Fast comprehension and flexibility in new technologies. Professional appearance and high communication strength. Good English and German skills (written and oral). We look forward to your meaningful application including cover letter, CV and Foto.Online advertise. Sandra Koller. ACP IT Solutions GmbH. Herrgottwiesgasse 203 A8055 Graz acp. At law, we point out that the collectively agreed minimum monthly salary for this position is EUR 1.551, gross (full time). Our actual salary packages are based on current market salaries and of course take into account your qualifications and experience. , 20180319T09: 42: 090100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5259493, advice, health measures, fitness offers, employee events, ACP group, kcdn. atcompany70121455594logoacpgruppe. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1120, Wagenseilgasse 3, sameAs: acp. at
Junior Active Credit Manager (fm), Are you open to new ideas, do you value creative freedom and live for cultural diversity? Do you desire mutual trust and responsibility? Would you like to work in a bank that has grown over 125 years and is active as a leading commercial and investment bank in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe (CEE)? Then youve found just the right place at Raiffeisen Bank International (RBI).Junior Active Credit Manager (fm) limited contract up to 1, 5 years. Within the Active Credit Management department we are looking for an Junior or Professional Active Credit Manager supporting the team to structure transactions and implement the strategy of the department. Active Credit Management coordinates and manages all asset backed and portfolio related solutions for RBI Groups own assets. These transactions support the bank in using its balance sheet more efficiently by optimizing risk weights, reducing risk and providing access to additional funding sources.Your tasks:Portfolio analysis in connection with preparation and execution of securitization structures and portfolio related solutions. Reporting and monitoring of existing transactions ensuring quality and consistency across the group. Feasibility studies for new jurisdictions and assets with a particular focus on new regulatory framework. Development and improvement of existing databases. Your qualifications:University Degree (Economics, Business Administration or similar). Professional experience in a bank, rating agency or related industry. Excellent numerical skills and high affinity towards financial analysis and data mining (ideally SQL experience). Advanced understanding of corporate finance, securitization andor portfolio solutions related topics. Strong communication skills, problemsolving competence and customer oriented attitude. Fluent in English and German andor any other CEE Language. Our offer:Join our dynamic and motivated team in one of the leading banking groups in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. EUR 38. 000, 00 annual gross salary excl. overtime additional payment according to skills and experience. WorkLife balance due to variable working hours. State of the art learning and development opportunities. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180319T09: 57: 150100, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5259524, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Controller Global RD and Operations (mf), Controller Global RD and Operations (mf). 38, 5 hweek, Linz. Jumio is the leading global online identity verification company that helps businesses reduce fraud and increase revenue while providing a seamless customer experience. Jumio uses computer vision technology, machine learning and live verification experts to verify credentials (e. g. , passports, ID cards, etc. ) and to verify a users realworld identity in seconds. Jumios products are used by clients in the financial services, sharing economy, retail, travel and online gaming sectors. Are you ready for working in a company awarded Austrian startup of the year 2016. At Jumio we offer you the opportunity to. work in a collaborative and trusting environment allowing you to turn your ideas into reality. be part in an international and strong team, where each and every members opinion matters. enjoy lunchtime BBQxc2xb4s and table soccer matches with your international colleagues. have flexible working hours, home office and learning development opportunities. manage a personal training and team budget. make use of discounted gym membership, massages, fruits and beverages and much more. If you want to be part of an innovative company thats taking over the world in online ID verification, then please check out whether this is the role for youxe2x80xa6 The Controller Global RD and Operations will support the Finance Director with financial planning, analysis, and reporting of the global RD activities and international Operations. This involves significant interaction with the international budget managers and parent company finance personnel.Responsibilities of this role. Implementation of analytic business tools and reports to provide clear business insights. Preparation of monthly reports for the global RD and international operations. Partner with business leaders to identify and analyse the key drivers of opportunities and risks in their organization and provide decision support through adhoc analysis. Management of the entire business planning cycle for the global RD and global operations. Influence decision making through clear analytical insights and recommendations into drivers of the business, profitability, risks and efficient use of resources. Identify and implement changes to continually improve the efficiency, effectiveness, and accuracy of planning analysis activities. Ensure the application of common policies in all group subsidiaries. Skills and Experience for this role. Bachelors or Masters degree in finance, accounting, business, or related field. A minimum of 5 years working experience in an international controlling role. Tech savvy proficiency with entire MS Office Suite and reporting tools. Strong financial acumen including experience with budgeting, and variance analysis. Ability to gather, analyse and present financial information in a relevant and meaningful way. Proactive, selfmotivated and directed, result and performance driven. Analytical skills and able to work with different topics in parallel in a fastpaced environment. Excellent command in spoken and written English. We offer an annual fulltime salary (38, 5hr week) of minimum 45, 948 EUR gross with a possible overpayment depending on qualifications and experience. If you are interested, please apply online at jumio. comcareers. , 20180319T11: 00: 000100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5259565, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Jumio Software Development GmbH, kcdn. atcompany83167527951logojumiosoftwaredevelopmentgmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4030, Lunaplatz 5, sameAs: jumio. com
Data Scientist, Data Scientist. Vienna, Austria xe2x80xa2 IT and Development. Description. Have you ever shopped online and didn really know which of the thousands of products to pick? Or have you been shopping in a store but there was no one in sight to help you with choosing the right product? We develop and distribute software that solves these issues! SMARTASSISTANT is the marketleading solution for interactive Guided Selling solutions. Our technology is used by multiple global businesses from Fortune 500 companies like Canon, Goodyear, Procter Gamble to small and mediumsized enterprises. We are driven by our mission to help people make better decisions and together work on turning a bold vision into reality. At SMARTASSISTANT, youll meet openminded and genuinely caring professionals from many different walks of life. We are growing fast and always looking for talented, ambitious and smart people who are ready to make things happen.WHAT WILL YOU DO?. As a Data Scientist at SMARTASSISTANT, your tasks will comprise:Leading Machine Learning projects related to our Digital Advice Technology. Working on our behavioral user data, deriving data models and deriving and implementing concepts for Machine Learning projects in Python and TensorFlow. Providing knowledge and reports and findings to the product, engineering and management team. Providing findings and results of Data Mining activities linked to our behavioral user data. Working closely with our product and engineering team and providing guidance for the implementation of new Machine Learning functions of our technology. WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR?. It is definitely you we e looking for, if you possess:Minimum of a Bachelors degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Informatics, Data Science, Physics or similar and 3 years working in an advanced analytics role OR a Masters degree in one of these subjects and at least a year of work experience. Alternatively we can also offer a parttime position during a PhD or doctor studies.Strong skills in understanding data, data concepts and data engineering as well as cleaning data and deriving data models and taxonomies. Strong SQL skills and strong skills in logics and logical thinking. Good knowledge of TensorFlow and Python. Good understanding of Statistics, Analytics, Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing. Clear presentation of findings and guiding next steps at various points. Focus and ability to find solutions and work towards goals when setbacks hurdles occur. Ability to build statistical models (such as linear regression, logistic etc. ) and customer segmentation. Friendly personality and joy for teamwork. Full working proficiency in English. Enthusiasm for ecommerce, online solutions and related technologies. WHAT DO WE OFFER?. Flat structure and friendly team atmosphere. Attractive salary based on your experience and qualifications, min. 3200 EUR monthly. Working with openminded, genuinely caring professionals with many different backgrounds. Interesting and diversified experience as part of our team, as well as a friendly and innovative working environment at a global market leader. Flexible working hours. Fresh fruit and countless amounts of good coffee and tea. We are on a mission to change the way people shop and decide. Because we are facing new exciting tasks every day, we need people like you to help us to provide the highest quality solutions for our clients. Sounds like a good challenge? Apply today. Be SMART tomorrow!. Apply for this job. , 20180319T11: 08: 000100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5259580, Internet, IT, Telekom, , Smart Information Systems GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158992888851logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Bayerngasse 35, sameAs: smartassistant. com
Customer Data Expert EDI (wm), To support our sales support team in Vienna, we are looking for one. Customer Data Expert EDI (wm). The task that inspires you: Directly subordinated to the EDI Data Manager, you are responsible for the electronic data exchange with our partners in this exciting position. In addition, your tasks include: responsibility for national and international EDI projects. Participation in customer appointments or partner appointments. Participation in various working groups at GS1ECR (internal and external). Contact person for internal and external stakeholders regarding questions related to SAP article master data. Implementation of new EDI requirements and creation of EDI reports. Continuous improvement of data quality in SAP in cooperation with different stakeholders in the company. Support with process documentation. Preparation for the creation and control of article master data. Your profile, which convinces us: High technical affinity and an adept use of SAP and MSOffice (especially MS Excel). Understanding of the importance of master data in the SAP environment. Good command of English for working with contact persons in other countries. High numbers and process affinity. Open, networking personality has the joy of dealing with customers as well as the optimization of master data. Logical and networked thinking, understanding of complex processes and connections. What you can expect from us: Dynamic and international working environment and a collegial working atmosphere. Modern office space. Exciting, challenging and responsible area of ​​responsibility. Professional and personal development opportunities supported by the company. Attractive social benefits and benefits (inter alia, annual pass of the Wiener Linien, meal allowance, employee share plan, health care, free drinks, cost and tax-free securing of the future, selected purchase benefits xe2x80xa6). We offer an attractive, market-conforming salary for this position. For legal reasons, we point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary of this position is EUR 23. 369, 44, gross year (collective agreement of the food and beverage industry). However, if you fulfill the o. A. Requirements a minimum salary of EUR 32. 200, gross expectation (based on a full-time job38, 5 hours per week). According to your qualification and experience, a clear overpayment is planned. You want to become a CokeHero ?. Then take the chance and apply online on our career page with your meaningful CV and succinct motivation letter: cocacolahellenic. atCareers. , 20180319T11: 46: 540100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5259621, consumer goods, branded goods,, CocaCola HBC Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany134442197592logococacola. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, ClemensHolzmeisterStreet 6, sameAs: cocacolahellenic. at
(Junior) Big Data Engineer (mw) Big Data and IoT Consultant xe2x80x93 (Junior) Business Analyst IoT Big Data, The Company. As a world market leader and well-known premium manufacturer in the field of outdoor activities, the company produces and develops in global locations such as Europe and the USA. Over 1,100 motivated employees lay the foundations for the positive working atmosphere and are instrumental in the companys success. The expansion of the product portfolio and the development of new niches and markets are essential components of the long-term expansion strategy. These projects are also noticeable in IT, which is why we consistently build on state-of-the-art technologies and approaches. So count u. a. the agile software development, but also the topics Big Data and IoT about the current priorities in IT. In order to further develop these future core areas, we are looking for you as (Junior) Big Data Engineer (mw) in permanent position at the main location in the Salzburg area !. (Junior) Big Data Engineer (mw) Big Data and IoT Consultant (Junior) Business Analyst IoT Big Data in the Salzburg area. Permanent employment. Your area of ​​responsibility. Planning and development of big data solutions in the area of ​​IoT and digitization as well as taking over the testing and the documentation. Professional and technical conception of big data applications based on eg Hadoop. Analysis of existing business processes and development of potential for improvement in coordination with the respective departments. Ensuring data integration and data quality including monitoring and optimization of data streams. As an interface between the specialist departments and IT, you take on an advisory role and are your contact for technical and technical issues. Your profit. You benefit from an attractive salary model with at least 45,000 euros gross per year and the willingness to overpay with appropriate qualifications. They expect comprehensive social benefits incl. A company pension scheme as well as a state-of-the-art workstation. Look forward to a flexible working time model including a home office option as well as individual training opportunities through internal and external seminars. Exciting challenges and a high degree of freedom of choice offer a promising career perspective. Your profile as a big data engineer. A degree in computer science or a similar education with IT relevance. Experience in the fields of big data and IoT ideally with knowledge of the framework handoop as well as relational databases (eg Oracle, MySQL). Fluent German and good English combined with a communicative streak complete your profile. Your application. Send your CV with project list to your contact person for SAP and IT vacancies in Austria.Tom Horkheimer 43 720 515250 thorkheimer @ ratbacher. at. A presentation of your documents with our client takes place only after a mutual discussion and with your consent. Apply now. Ratbacher. 2. 500 renowned employers put their trust in us. Over 10 years experience in the ITSAP personnel consulting. Important background information about the positions. Individual advice along your application process. , 20180319T15: 44: 450100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5259869, Personnel Service,, Ratbacher GmbH, kcdn. atcompany52289407448logoratbachergmbh. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70176, Schloßstraße 70, sameAs: ratbacher. at
Masters thesis with internship @ Regional Analytics and Prototyping, Masters thesis with internship @ Regional Analytics and Prototyping. We are Austrias leading telecommunications provider, both in mobile communications and in the fixed network. And we know that we can only achieve above-average success with above-average employees. But above all: Only with their above-normal enthusiasm. As a trainee in the  Group Regional Analytics Prototyping , you get to know the handling of structured as well as unstructured data, develop prototypes and support the team in the implementation of regional analyzes and visualizations , Based on the insights gained, the management of marketing, sales and technology is supported in their decision-making and the strategic and operative implementation. For your diploma master thesis you develop an interactive high-end prototype (Shiny Wep App) in the programming language R, which is used for ad hoc analysis. Your task. You will be familiar with a part of the A1 system landscape. You process and analyze structured and unstructured data. You support the team in the conception, planning and implementation of tailor-made prototypes. In the course of their diploma master thesis they are responsible for the implementation of a universally applicable prototype with the R Shiny responsible.You will proactively join the team with your creative ideas.Our requirements. Start: by appointmentDuration: 6 monthsOrder: Vienna Advanced Studies (FHUni, near degree) Computer ScienceGeoinformatics, Geoinformation, Spatial Data Science or similar educationAdvanced programming experience with R and R Shiny advanced experience in the database languageSQL-relevant programming experience with HTMLCSS, PHP, JavaScript and Python.Experience with spatial data analysis and appropriate GIS software (eg ArcGIS, QGIS, RegioGraph, etc) knowledge of relational databases as well as NoSQL databases interest in data science and big data subject good English knowledge. Your personality. partially self-reliant and self-responsible speed of work comprehension and analysis ability high degree of flexibility, creativity and motivation solution oriented and committedLust to get to know new. There are many opportunities for development in our company! Grab it, unfold and take advantage of your career opportunities. We look forward to you!. As A1 Telekom Austria AG, we aim to increase the proportion of women in the entire division and have developed measures to promote women. We are therefore pleased about the interest of women in the advertised position and invite them to apply.The minimum monthly collective agreement for this internship is EUR 2. 182, 60 gross.Your application. Apply online now on a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180319T15: 51: 380100, INTERN, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5259893, Internet, IT, Telecom, Paten Mentor Program, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Software Development Engineer (mw)  Autonomous Driving , AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of powertrain systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for cars, trucks and large engines. Software Development Engineer ( mw)  Autonomous driving . Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: not assigned. Your area of ​​responsibility: Conception and implementation of software (SW) in the field of  Autonomous Driving  (ADASAD) and  V2X Communication  under Windows and Linux. Creation of SW requirements, SW architecture, SW design, test specifications and tests. Definition of interfaces and protocols for software components and applications. Integration of new technologies in existing applications. Integration and testing of software components and applications. Knowledge transfer and ongoing feedback within the specialist team. Your profile: University degree in Telematics, Computer Science or similar. Mind. 3 years relevant work experience in software development. Good C skills. Knowledge of TFS and GIT. Knowledge of SCRUM. Knowledge in network technology and communication technology. Basic knowledge of vehicle bus systems (including CAN, FlexRay). Knowledge of Qt is an advantage. Knowledge of RTMaps is an advantage. Knowledge of Computer Vision and Machine Learning is an advantage. Good English and German language skills. Yearly reference: Due to the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the annual reference (full time) for this position as the basis for negotiation: EUR 44,800, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180320T07: 42: 020100, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5260183, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
(Lead) Consultant BIDWH (mw) You see your future in the Microsoft area ?, (Lead) Consultant BIDWH (mw) Do you see your future in the Microsoft area ?. (Jn 38574) Place of work: Vienna. Our customer is one of the fastest growing companies in the business intelligence and data warehouse market and one of Microsofts top BI partners. Since the beginning of 2007, solutions for corporate management in Central Europe have been distributed and implemented. The focus is on solutions for data warehouse as a technical foundation, as well as the business applications corporate planning, reporting and consolidation based on Microsoft technologies.Your future role. They are in charge of project management in the business intelligence and data warehouse environment. They are involved from the sales phase onwards and act as the central point of contact for the customer. They hold consultations with customers regarding the selection of suitable technologies. They organize workshops and carry out feasibility studies actively support the further development of the portfolio. They actively initiate follow-up projects with existing customers. They offer. Several years of professional experience in a similar position in the BIDWH field or. Newcomers from development or database administration welcome. Very good MS SQL Server knowledge. Knowledge of BITools (eg: Microsoft, Oracle, SAP BO, Birst, Cognos, SAS, etc.). Very good German and English. Willingness to travel of approx. 40%. Strong communication, proactive and service-oriented personality, professional appearance. The special thing about this position. Exciting projects within Austria, v. a. in the area of ​​Vienna. Possibility to deal with topics such as cloud technologies, big data, machine learning etc. Extensive training opportunities, participation in conferences etc.Working in a young and successful company with room for creativity. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 6100 gross month depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Daniela Heschl (43 1 523 82 07121), daniela. Heschl @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180320T07: 42: 540100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5260193, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Intern xe2x80x93 Corporate Finance Department (mf), With approximately 8, 700 employees worldwide, AGRANA is one of the leading sugar companies in Central and Eastern Europe, a top manufacturer of customerspecific starch products in Europe, and the largest supplier of bioethanol in Austria and Hungary, not to mention being the global leader in fruit preparations an one of Europexc2xb4s most important producers of fruit juice concentrates.We are currently looking for a dedicated person who wants to join our Corporate Finance Team in Vienna (Headquarter) for a limited duration of 3 until 6 months in the following position:Intern Corporate Finance Department (mf). Your task:Support the corporate project team to improve supplier and customer master data based on quality and compliance checks. Support the harmonization efforts by providing reports, assessments and presentations based on your solid analysis. Assistance with cross functional projectrelated activities. Compile relevant information for AGRANA Group on functional trends and service improvement. Your ideal Profile:Currently enrolled Bachelor or Master Student of business administration, economics or industry related science. Excellent MS Office skills (Office 365 skills are not a must, but a benefit). Ability to deal with complex information, critical and analytical thinking. Rapid grasp of facts and enthusiasm. English and German fluently. Our offer:Excellent occupational and personal development perspectives within an international group with headquarter in Austria.A challenging position where you can apply and grow your capabilities in practice.The opportunity to gain deep endtoend process knowledge in a SAP driven group.Various internal company benefits e. g. staff canteen, various sport and leisure time activities, etc.Due to mandatory reasons, we kindly inform you that the gross annual compensation in accordance with the collective bargaining agreement for this function is at least EUR 22. 660, 68.Contact Person:Frau HeidiMaria GABL. If you are interested in this challenging position,please apply at agrana. com. agrana. com. , 20180320T07: 55: 120100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5260235, Industrie, Produktion, Kantine, Fitnessangebote, Aus und Weiterbildung , AGRANA BeteiligungsAG, kcdn. atcompany57423202061agranarotgrosshr2. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, FriedrichWilhelmRaiffeisenPlatz 1, sameAs: agrana. com
CRM xe2x80x93 Customer Data Analyst, Customer Data Analyst (mw.) METRO AG is a leading international specialist in the wholesale and retail trade, active in 35 countries with more than 750 wholesale markets and employs more than 150,000 people and 30 worldwide The company provides tailor - made solutions for the local and international needs of its wholesalers and retail customers For several years we have been active in FSDFood service delivery where we grow annually In Austria, we are undisputedly number one in the cash carry business For our head office in Vösendorf, we are looking for a CRM Customer Data Analyst (mw) Your tasks: Conception and development of customer-specific KPIs based on a central customer database Information generation and provision of decision-relevant information Analysis the buying behavior of ours he customer and derivation of recommendations for action. Analysis of marketing activities (offlineonline). Support campaign management across all channels. Your requirements: Completed relevant studies (WUTUFH) and / or comparable training. First professional experience in the CRM area desired. Very good knowledge in statistics as well as high affinity. Strong analytical mindset. Very good user knowledge in SQL, MS Excel and databases. Customer orientation, communication and team strength. Structured and independent way of working. Very good knowledge of English in spoken and written. We offer: A high degree of personal responsibility. Comprehensive training and further education. A versatile task in a dedicated team. A very good working environment. The advantages of a large corporation. The minimum salary for this position is 2. 200 EUR gross. An overpayment is provided with appropriate experience and expertise.Position free from: immediately. We are looking forward to your compelling application!. METRO Cash Carry Austria GmbH Ms Carina Nagl Metro Platz 1 2331 Vösendorf. , 20180326T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vösendorf, Lower Austria, AT, 5260438, Commerce, Food allowance, Training, employee benefits, METRO Cash Carry Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany63593199609metrologo1m002. companymid. gif, Vienna Vösendorf, 2331, MetroPlatz 1, sameAs: metro. at
International Management Trainees IT Digitization (wm), With around 30,000 employees and around 790,000 new cars sold, Porsche Holding Salzburg is the largest and most successful automotive retailer in Europe. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, we represent the Groups brands in all areas of the automotive trade. Together with Porsche Informatik and around 500 employees, we also develop our IT landscape ourselves. IT is playing a key role in the process of digitization and complexity through the automation of processes , YOUR chance as an IT trainee to actively contribute to the further development of our business model and to gain unlimited employment and development opportunities in 27 markets as part of our Trainee Development International Program. We are looking for self-employed and committed individuals to join in September 2018. International Management Trainees IT Digitization (wm). IT digitization area. Your tasks: Cooperation in strategic IT projects or innovation projects with IT relevance. Active participation in technical issues with a focus on finance and sales. Independent project work in the field of requirements and project management. You bring along: Recently completed MasterMagisterDiplomStudium (focus on business informatics, computer science, data science, mathematics or similar). Relevant internships or first job experience in programming software development beneficial. Experience in project and process management. Strong analytical and conceptual skills. Above average commitment, resilience and persuasiveness. International commitment. Affinity on the subject of automobiles and future-oriented mobility solutions. We offer: The Trainee Development International Program of Porsche Holding Salzburg enables you to prepare for a specialist or executive position after graduation. As a trainee, you will complete several, sometimes international, stations within 18 months, assuming responsibility right from the start and working on concrete projects. In this way, you will get to know us and our corporate structures in a short time and are well prepared to quickly get up to speed in your career planning. Of course, a salary based on the applicable collective agreement is required, which results from your individual qualification and position relevant professional experience (Annual gross salary from EUR 35,000). There is a market-adequate overpayment. If you also value an interesting, challenging work environment, we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. , 20180320T13: 46: 570100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5260748, trade, canteen, health measures, employee benefits, Porsche Holding GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2323347697logoporscheholdinggmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5021, LouisePixc3xabchStreet 2, sameAs: porscheholding. com
Digital Software Developer (mw), EBNER industrial furnace construction is the worlds leading supplier of heat treatment equipment for the steel, aluminum and non-ferrous metals industry. With its great internationality (locations in Europe, China, India and the USA, customers in more than 60 countries), its constant innovation and willingness to change as well as the stability of a family business established for decades, EBNER offers its employees a very secure corporate foundation, which always Become part of our motivated team and apply as: Digital Software Developer (mw). As part of our digitalization strategy, our Digital Product Management department now offers a varied, independent position as Digital Software Developer (mw). Your area of ​​responsibility: Identification and implementation of innovations and new technologies in the context of digitization, industry 4. 0 and big data. Specification and development of software modules for novel products and services. Testing of software requirements and development of functional specifications. Technical evaluation of SW concepts and clarification of all criteria with customers and internal stakeholders. Development, preparation and execution of professional software tests. Collaboration with other development departments and support of departments in software-related issues. Planning and implementation of training courses throughout the EBNER Group. Support of commissioning and customer service departments in the implementation and maintenance of innovative software solutions. Proactive further development of SW products. Your qualifications: Relevant academic education in the field of development (FH, TU). Several years of development experience in the. Net development environment with Visual Studio, C # and WPF. Profound knowledge in object-oriented programming. KnowHow and practice in web development (ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Ajax, Angular.JS). Good database knowledge with MS SQL. Very good knowledge of English. High resilience and very good analytical skills. Communicative, team-oriented personality. Minimum wage and KV: The annual salary for this position is at least gross EUR 50. 000, 00 with express willingness to market-conform overpayment, depending on your qualifications and work experience. In addition to attractive responsibilities EBNER also provides for the physical well-being (staff restaurant Vital kitchen) and the fitness of Staff (in-house gym, golf simulator, squashbox). Apply. EBNER Industrieofenbau GmbH EbnerPlatz 1 A4060 Leonding (43) 732 6868 0 ebner. cc. , 20180320T15: 46: 050100, FULLTIME, Leonding, Upper Austria, AT, 5260820, Vehicle construction, Suppliers, Canteen, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Good Access, Training, EmployeesEvents, Educational Leave Out, Flexible Working Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee premiums, employee loans, employee gifts, EBNER Industrieofenbau GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5927330061logoebnerindustrieofenbaugmbh. companymid. gif, Leonding, 4060, EbnerPlatz 1, sameAs: ebner. cc
Data Scientist (mw), EBNER industrial furnace construction is the worlds leading supplier of heat treatment systems for the steel, aluminum and non-ferrous metals industry. With its great internationality (locations in Europe, China, India and the USA, customers in more than 60 countries), its constant innovation and willingness to change as well as the stability of a family business established for decades, EBNER offers its employees a very secure corporate foundation, which always Become part of our motivated team and apply as: Data Scientist (mw). As part of our digitalization strategy, our Digital Product Management department now offers a varied and autonomous position as Data Scientist (mw). Your area of ​​responsibility: Identification and implementation of innovations and new technologies in the context of digitization, industry 4. 0 and Big Data. Survey, assessment and definition of BigData application fields within the global EBNER Group. Identification and accompanying implementation of technology or data-based business and service models. Subject-specific support of optimization projects in a variety of tasks such as heat treatment, maintenance or other fields of application. Conception and creation of standards and structures for the efficient implementation of BigData processes. Survey, evaluation and implementation of BigData technologies and software tools. Analysis and redesign of data structures and data streams for the efficient handling of large volumes of data. Your qualifications: Completed degree in computer science, mathematics or statistics (FH, TU). Profound knowledge in data analysis, statistics and data mining. Relevant practice in development and implementation of BigData concepts, technologies and solutions. Experience in the collection and processing of statistics as well as in the handling of corresponding evaluations and the corresponding mathematical models. Very good knowledge of programming. Know how regarding the application and query of databases. Very good knowledge of English. High resilience and very good analytical skills. Creative and flexible in finding solutions. Initiative, communicative, team-oriented personality. Minimum wage and KV: The annual salary for this position is at least gross EUR 50. 000, 00 with express willingness to market-conform overpayment, depending on your qualifications and work experience. In addition to attractive responsibilities EBNER also provides for the physical well-being (staff restaurant Vital kitchen) and the fitness of Staff (in-house gym, golf simulator, squashbox). Apply. EBNER Industrieofenbau GmbH EbnerPlatz 1 A4060 Leonding (43) 732 6868 0 ebner. cc. , 20180320T15: 46: 050100, FULLTIME, Leonding, Upper Austria, AT, 5260821, Vehicle construction, Suppliers, Canteen, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Good Access, Training, EmployeesEvents, Educational leave, Flexible Working Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee premiums, employee loans, employee gifts, EBNER Industrieofenbau GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5927330061logoebnerindustrieofenbaugmbh. companymid. gif, Leonding, 4060, EbnerPlatz 1, sameAs: ebner. cc
Communication PR Project Management Assistance (H2020 Research Funding), RTDS Group (RTDS) is a consultancy specialised in the development and implementation of EUfunded research innovation projects and was confirmed as the leading Austrian SME in FP7 by the Austrian Ministry of Science and Economy and currently has five running H2020 projects. We are looking to hire a Communication PR Manager (mf) with a strong interest in research innovation in life and technological sciences. Other candidates with project management andor consulting skills and experience are also welcome to apply.Communication PR Project Management Assistance (H2020 Research Funding). The Communication PR Manager will be responsible for strategic and operative planning and implementation of communication and dissemination activities for EU funded projects such as:Development of communication strategies, plans and materials: flyers, brochures, posters, infographics, videos, newsletters etc.Project website social media channel content management and building follower groups. Preparation of Dissemination Communication, activity plans and reporting of progress. Organize and attend events, train partners on relevant topics. Your profile. University FH degree preferably in communications marketing and or business administration with an affinity to science, but also highly communicative science engineering graduates. Organisational skills and able to manage diverse stakeholder interests. Excellent written and spoken English and German (C1). Native speakers are preferred.Good knowledge of Wordpress and social media is a plus. Knowledge experience in data management and open access issues is a plus. Experience in EU projects (FP7H2020) is preferred, though not mandatory. Able to work in lead small international teams from industry academia. Travel in the EU (2 4 trips per year).Graphical design, IPR and technical website support will be made available to you.RTDS offers employee positions from 20 40 Hrs week from EUR2, 400 Brutto FTE per month depending on experience and qualifications. Please send your CV and cover letter explaining your motivation and affinity science to office@rtdsgroup. com. RTDS Group Dr. Stephen Webb Lerchengasse 2523 1080 Wien Web: rtdsgroup. com. , 20180320T16: 10: 540100, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5260887, Recht, Steuern, Wirtschaft, , RTDS Group, , Wien, 1080, Lerchengasse 2523, sameAs: rtdsgroup. com
Business Intelligence Analyst, Business Intelligence Analyst (Full time). It is the people who make the difference at voestalpine. People who manufacture, process and develop high-quality steel products all over the world in specialized and flexible companies. People who make the challenges of our customers their own. People with the drive always find an even better solution. Its people like you who take voestalpine one step ahead. Thats us. The Sales Controlling Information Management department of voestalpine Stahl GmbH is part of the sales control department. The department is responsible for the proactive supply of qualitative data to sales and management for the creation, implementation and control of the sales strategy. For more information about our company, please visit: voestalpine. comstahl. Your tasks. Establishment of a systematic information management in the sense of Reporting 4. 0. Building a xe2x80x9eDigital Steering Lab  in sales. Optimization and further development of our BI and reporting landscape. Forcing the use of SelfControllingServiceTools (eg dashboards). Analyze controlling key figures and select control-relevant data (predictive analytics). Analysis and evaluation of internal requirements regarding BI and reporting topics under economic and technical aspects. Support of the management with control-relevant data. Active participation in department-specific projects. Your profile. University degree in economics or industrial engineering with good business knowledge interests (focus on controlling desirable). Relevant professional experience in the areas of controlling IT is an advantage. Strong numbers, and data affinity. Programming experience (OLAP, SQL, HTML) is an advantage. Data Warehouse knowledge. Good SAP knowledge in the module FICO. Good MSOffice knowledge especially Excel. High analytical skills. High customer orientation. Team spirit. Independent and solution-oriented working style. Fast comprehension with high problem-solving competence. We offer that. Remuneration: The collective agreement minimum salary for this job amounts to EUR 3 259, 67 gross (14 times per annum) for a completed university or university of applied sciences. The actual payment depends on the respective qualification or professional experience. Starting date: immediately. More information about our application process can be found on the first page of our application form and in the area xe2x80x9eFAQs for application. If you have aroused your interest, please use our online application form. With our CVParsingTool your application is now even faster. We look forward to receiving your application !. voestalpine One step ahead. Completion date 19. 04. 2018. Contact. voestalpine Steel GmbH Linz. Recruiter: Mr. Harald Berger 4350304158802. Department: Mrs. Sandra Citroni. 43 50304 156006. Instagram Pinterest Blog YouTube Twitter Facebook. , 20180320T16: 11: 040100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5260889, Industry, Production,, voestalpine AG, kcdn. atcompany28453138341logos. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, voestalpineStraße 1, sameAs: voestalpine. com
Data Scientist Marketing Business Development (mw), I BELIEVE THAT INNOVATIVE THINKING IS THE FORMULA TO SUCCESS. . believe in you. We also. Working at Erste Bank means having a common goal in mind, burning for common values. We meet each other with respect, empathy and understanding for the most diverse life stories. This applies to cooperation with our customers as well as with colleagues. Data Scientist Marketing Business Development (mw). Erste Bank Oesterreich is one of the leading domestic financial institutions. As part of the international Erste Group, we are an attractive employer that opens up interesting career opportunities for its employees. The xe2x80x9eCustomer Intelligence and Analytics  team is part of the Marketing Business Development division. The range of activities is broad and ranges from focal points such as data science to event detection to the development of interactive reporting. We work closely with Marketing Business Development, Sales and Management. The support of Optichannel campaigns with individual customer potentials is a focus here. The increased use of machine learning and the use of behavioral data support us. The vacancy is focused on Data Science.SIE. have a university degree (UniFH) in the field of data science, (business) computer science or statistics or similar professional experience. bring experience in R, Python, SAS or in data analysis with other programming languages. have first experiences in the application of machine learning methods. have basic knowledge about databases and the application of SQL. have a basic business knowledge. show interest in analytical tasks. apply machine learning and deep learing methods to support marketing, business development and sales. Information is generated from data, for example for the formation of recommender systems or the clustering of customers or products. determine customer profiles from behavioral data and create analyzes and programs for event detection. deal with Customer Behavior Analysis, Pricing Systems, Customer Life Time Value and other analytical topics. have extensive knowledge in the area of ​​data management and the analysis of structured and unstructured data. create pre and post analyzes of customized marketing campaigns in the optichannel environment, in order to find the right target groups and workflows together with the competent colleagues. build, expand and maintain customizable reports using state-of-the-art techniques such as SASVA or Tableau. have a high team, and communication skills. work independently or in a team in coordination with the business on analytical topics. WE. offer you a unique opportunity to redesign the Sparkasse Groups analytics and implement innovative ideas to practical application. provide in-depth training on our Analytics platform as well as extensive on-the-job training in the data area as part of ongoing activities. offer an innovative and varied task area. offer you independent and flexible work, a motivated and experienced team, specialization in one of the most important core topics of the bank and permanent further education through internal as well as external Seminare.werden grading and salary based on your professional and personal competence in line with market conditions and performance. We are required by law to disclose the minimum salary for this position, which is EUR 275 gross per annum, after revaluation. We look forward to you! Employment: Full time Primary location: Vienna. Apply onlineFollow us on :, 20180321T08: 05: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5260919, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Laptops, Good Connections, Education & Training, Flexible Hours, Employee benefits, employee loans, supplementary insurance, Erste Bank, kcdn. atcompany156313196695logogross. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: first bank. at
Developer Digital Workplace (fm), AOP Orphan Pharmaceuticals AG is a European pioneer with focus on rare diseases. We develop and market innovative solutions beyond drugs. To enhance our team in Vienna we are looking for a:Developer Digital Workplace (fm). In this central role you will support and facilitate our ambitious plans in building a digital workplace.Ready for an ambitious job?. You are a digital innovator and want to redefine how we work with digital tools.You are willing to understand business processes and ready to commit yourself to develop unique digital solutions that make a difference in our daily work.You are looking for the chance to implement stateoftheart technologies.Able to align?. You are experienced in working collaboratively with key decision makers.You ensure compliance of implemented technologies with relevant regulations (e. g. GDPR).You are teamoriented and able to clearly communicate and defend your solution proposals.Looking for an agile environment?. You will be a part of a successful team who redefine the digital workplace for AOP Orphan.We are building a digital application landscape, based on latest technologies (e. g. Office 365).Our development and implementation process follows an agile approach.Professional skills. IT Specialist (HTL, relevant University Degree) with at least five years of professional experience.Proven track record in technically developingimplementing digital applications for the enterprise environment incl. excellency in UX UI Design.Technical competency in implementing Microsoft productivity solutions (Office 365, SharePoint, PowerApps, Teams, MS PPM etc. ).Experience in programming (c# or comparable higherlevel programming language), database development (SQL) and technologies related to web development (AJAX, Javascript, HTML etc. ).Excellent skills in change management technologies (e. g. GIT, TFS, Developmentenvironments) and code documenting.Experience with (big) data applications, data analytics, machine learning and business intelligence solutions (e. g. BI, R, SQL etc. ) of advantage.Ability to quickly and comprehensively learn about emerging technologies for the digital enterprise for collaboration, data management and analytics and process management.Excellent communication skills in German, fluent in English.For this position we offer a monthly gross salary starting from EUR 3. 000, depending on your professional experience and qualifications. If you like to take this AOPPORTUNITY please send your application to:Angelika Drabek AOP Orphan Pharmaceuticals AG Wilhelminenstraße 91II f, 1160 Wien Tel. : 01503 72 4462, Fax: 01503 72 4461 email: recruitment@aoporphan. com. , 20180320T17: 30: 000100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5260924, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, , AOP Orphan Pharmaceuticals AG, kcdn. atcompany8265418470logoaoporphanpharmaceuticalsag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1160, Wilhelminenstraße 91II f, sameAs: aoporphan. com
Lead Consultant Architect Data Analytics (mw), Lead Consultant Architect Data Analytics (mw). VIENNA. MUNICH. COLOGNE. HAMBURG. BERLIN. STUTTGART. ZURICH. We are growing steadily and are looking for a xe2x80x9eKümmerer  (wm), who looks after customers, acts as a central contact and helps our customers to use intelligent solutions to make more of their data. Your tasks. xe2x80x9eSpot Consulting  Preparation and Conducting Consultation, Workshops, Proof of Concepts, Training and Project Organization in the Environment xe2x80x9eMicrosoft Data, BI Analytics Services . Take over the xe2x80x9eLead  and act as xe2x80x9eOrganizer  or central contact person for the customer and help him to better understand and use his data. Project Management Activities Create effort estimates, projects and resource planning, project management communication in project sizes of approx. 30300 man-days. Active development of our service portfolio. Your profile. Her DNA includes both the IT, business and consultant xe2x80x9eGen  and passion for working with clients. It is fun to mediate between IT and business, to accept unknown challenges and to develop intelligent solutions. You are a TeamPlayer who loves to share knowledge and acquire new knowledge. Your successfully completed studies or CV practice experience serve as confirmation of your pronounced methodological competence. You have in-depth technical knowledge (ideally even architectural knowledge) in Microsoft SQL Server, Power BI, Azure SQLDWHAnalysis Services, Azure Data Lake, or similar technologies, and a willingness to work in the above areas. Cloud Technology, IaaS, Paas, SaaS, Web Services, Open Data, Data Streaming, Machine Learning, Big Data are not just foreign words to you, but also topics that you would like to occupy yourself with professionally. Advantageous: You already have practical experience in one of the following business areas: Production, Sales Marketing, Supply Chain, Finance Controlling, IT Service Mgt and / or the Automotive, TravelTourism sectors. Good German and English skills. Our range. With about 220 employees a working environment with flat hierarchies, but enough skills to always find a contact person for topics. xe2x80x9eleadingedge  projects for customers with the latest MicrosoftCloud technology. pmOneTrainingscenter Our dedicated organizational unit where you can book trainings. Project environment with moderate traveling (average 40%). Flexible working models (50% 100%). Home office, vehicle regulation. Free fruit and drinks. Health promotion. Note (for Austria) according to xc2xa79 para. 2 GlBG: The minimum basic salary according to ITKV is EUR 4. 006, 00Month full-time employment. The actual salary results from a grading depending on your education, qualification and experience, and includes an overpayment and a variable bonus.pmOne we # #datenversteher The more than 220 employees of the pmOne AG founded in 2007 improve the analysis quotient of companies by gain new insights for corporate management from existing data. With its expertise in planning, consolidation, reporting, simulation, analysis and forecasting, pmOne AG, which also includes verovis management consulting, supports the digitization strategies of its more than 500 clients. In addition to CCH (R) Tagetik, the technological platforms of Microsoft and SAP are preferred, complemented by the proprietary software cMORE, SmartStart Consolidation (SSC) and XPCT. , 20180322T14: 57: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Stuttgart, Munich, Cologne, Hamburg, Berlin, Zurich, 5261336, advice, fitness offers, employee events, home office, pmOne GmbH, kcdn. atcompany71081819637logopmonegmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Media Quarter Marx, MariaJacobiGasse 1, sameAs: pmone. at
Software startup (mf), Fb Industry Automation GmbH is a dynamic company and stands for system solutions in automation technology and plant construction in the field of production and intralogistics for trade and industry! To strengthen our team, we are looking for a colleague for the following function: SoftwareInsetzer (mf). (Full time 38, 5 hours per week). Your profile. Experience with the Linux command line. Basic programming knowledge in at least one current programming language (preferably Java or Scala). Experience with formal software tests. Independent work. Very good written and oral German and English. Drivers license. Customer-oriented and quality-conscious work. Your tasks. Working in a team of programmers and logistics experts. Creation and maintenance of software test plans and supporting test tools. Execution of software test plans with emulated as well as real logistics hardware in real plants. Collaboration and software tests or training with customers. We offer. We offer you a future-oriented corporate climate. You get the opportunity to become part of a qualified and motivated team.We turn to experienced employees, but also dedicated beginners.The monthly gross salary for this position is at least EUR 2. 300, We are happy to adjust the salary according to your qualifications and Your experience. We look forward to receiving your application.Fb Industry Automation GmbH HeinzStoiserStraße 5 A8200 AlbersdorfPrebuch Web: fbautomation. com. , 20180321T11: 51: 500100, FULLTIME, AlbersdorfPrebuch, Styria, AT, 5261475, electronics, automation,, Fb Industry Automation GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1082232022306logofbindustriyautomation. companymid. gif, AlbersdorfPrebuch, 8200, HeinzStoiserStraße 5, sameAs: fbautomation. com
System Administrator, B2B (mf), System Administrator, B2B (mf). Referenznummer: MII01316. Standort Graz, Steiermark. Company Introduction. Magna International is one of the largest automotive suppliers in the world We are committed to delivering product and process innovations through our worldclass manufacturing operations that combine our unique design, engineering and program management expertise. At the heart of our operating structure is a powerful entrepreneurial culture and Fair Enterprise philosophy, which builds ownership and inspires pride in our employees. Magna Global IT is a provider of reliable and innovative IT solutions to assist Magna in succeeding globally. Job Introduction Responsible for maintenance and support of B2B services and related infrastructure. The System Administrator B2B will also support the technical implementation of EDI related processes as part of a project team. Major Responsibilities. Implementation of EDI based processes. Support the transition of EDI systems to Magnas central environments andor crossfunctional business systems. Support the mapping process development (esp. testing). General Assistance to B2B Analysts (project management, documentation, xe2x80xa6). Support the implementation of Integration projects. 1st 2nd Level support incl. 24x7 on call support. Coordination of 3rd Level support (software vendors, OEM helpdesks and other related parties). User Training, develop and maintain B2B training materials and systems documentation. Install, coordinate, and troubleshoot B2Brelated products review and implement vendorsupplied patches. System monitoring (business processes partner connections). Knowledge and Education. Completion of community college diplomacertificate. Computer Science or another technical related degree recommended. Work Experience. 3 to less than 5 years of work related experience. Skills and Competencies. General IT Knowledge (SW, HW, Networks). Basic programming skills. Good knowledge of Windows Unix OS. Good knowledge of SQL. EDI experience is of advantage. Very good German and English knowledge in spoken and written. Team spirit, good communication skills, high social competence and resilience. High degree of personal responsibility, dedication responsibility. Readiness for multishift operation or oncall service. For male applicants: civilian or military service completed as far as possible. Work Environment. For dedicated and motivated employees, we offer an interesting and diversified job within a dynamic global team together with the individual and functional development in a professional environment of a global acting business. Fair treatment and a sense of responsibility towards employees are the principle of the Magna culture. We strive to offer an inspiring and motivating work environment. Regular overnight travel less than 10% of the time. Additional Information The annual remuneration package for this position is a minimum of EUR 32. 000,We offer attractive benefits (e. g. employee profit participation program) and a salary which is in line with market conditions depending on your skills and experience.Bewerben. , 20180321T12: 41: 370100, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5261534, Fahrzeugbau, Zulieferer, Kantine, Aus und Weiterbildung , Mitarbeiterbeteiligung, Magna, kcdn. atcompany2004511047logomagna. companymid. gif, Wien, 1120, Technologiestr 8, sameAs: magna. com
Consultants in Business Intelligence (mw), Looking for Enginerds. We search across industries and for the location Vienna or Graz. Consultants in Business Intelligence (mw). Ref. Nr MOBI. The ALTRAN Group was founded more than 30 years ago and is today Europes market leader in technology consulting. With locations in over 20 countries and a competence network of 33,000 employees, we are a true global player. In Austria, our strengths lie in Information Systems Consulting. We advise our customers in all phases of the project lifecycle and supervise innovations from development to series production. What you will do. As a consultant, you work in our teams and thus advise our customers on their technological and organizational challenges. Depending on your field of activity and your qualifications, your work can relate to all phases of the project: from ISTA analysis to the development of strategic operational concepts to the implementation of innovative solutions. By working in varied projects and different industries, you are able to gain valuable and extensive experience. In the course of your career you can, depending on your interests, acquire additional competences, eg in the project, quality or requirements management. What makes you special. You have successfully completed your training in computer science, business informatics, mathematics or similar and have ideally gained initial experience in technical projects or in the consulting environment. In addition, you have knowledge in one or more of the following areas: Requirements analysis, conception of DWHBIL solutions. Database management systems, preferably SQL Server or Oracle. DWH architectures, ETL tools such as SSIS. Business IntelligenceTools such as MS (SSRS, SSAS), Power BI. Interest in Big Data and IoT topics desired (Hadoop, Azure ML). If you have good communication skills, are entrepreneurial, like to work in a team and have very good German and English skills, then we should get to know each other. What you will find here. Project handling with customers worldwide. exciting, colorful and self-organized tasks. very collegial team with friendly approach. The gross annual salary amounts to at least EUR 40,000, but we offer a market-compliant overpayment depending on the qualification and professional experience. Any questions or ready to send us the application documents? Contact us: Bettina Prietl 43 316 351 35151 recruiting. at @ altran. com altran. com. , 20180321T14: 05: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Graz, Styria, AT, 5261657, vehicle manufacturing, suppliers,, Altran Concept Tech GmbH, kcdn. atcompany56203235529rvbaltranhd. companymid. png, Gratkorn, 8101, Concept Road 1, sameAs: altran. com
UX Designer (mf) for #1 Performance Monitoring Software, UX Designer (mf) for #1 Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Linz, Austria. Sketch Invision Mobile First Software as a Service B2B Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered. Are you done working on smalltime projects with zero to none complexity? Excited about building engaging user experiences? Looking for teammates who appreciate open communication and face challenges together as a team?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. Due to our high quality standards and cuttingedge technologies we are proud to convince customers like Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others.Your role in the team. Understand product domains, customer, and business needs. Do user tests, talk to customers and work with analytics. Build product design mocks (Sketch) and interactive click mocks (Invision). Produce information architectures and workflows. Create wireframes on whiteboards and paper. Work with product management and development. Our expectations for you. Experience in building user interfaces and workflows (more than portfolio websites). Think in information structures, data hierarchies, flows and usability principles. Strive for visual clarity, simplicity, consistency, balance and beauty. Familiar with Invision and Sketch. Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. You will love this job if. you enjoy a lot of variety (considering new requirements, workflows, mockups, prototypes, web design, illustration, infographics, employer branding, online and print marketing).you want to collaborate with an international team of 12 experienced designers.working tech, movie, gaming and popculture into the brand is attractive to you.UX is more than usability and more than design to you.you take mobile first for granted.Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 39, 200 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a higher salary in line with qualifications and experience.Join us now and apply online.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T14: 31: 440100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261678, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
UX Unicorn (mf): Ready for Austrias most diversified, technical and visual UX challenge?, UX Unicorn (mf): Ready for Austrias most diversified, technical and visual UX challenge?. Technology Linz, Austria. Illustrator Sketch Mobile First Software as a Service B2B Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered. Excited about facing Austrias most diversified, technical and visual UX challenge? Looking for teammates who appreciate open communication and face challenges together as a team?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. Due to our high quality standards and cuttingedge technologies we are proud to convince customers like Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others.Your role in the team. Build complex user interfaces, information architectures, workflows, wireframes and mockups. Create product design mocks (Sketch), interactive click mocks (Invision) and infographics, illustrations and icons (Adobe Illustrator). Add widgets, resources and howtos to our living style guide. Work with product management, development, marketing, sales and employer branding teams. Our expectations for you. More than 3 years of experience in UX Design (more than portfolio websites, ideally software solution). Technical understanding that goes beyond clicking through Wordpress. Think in information structures, data hierarchies, flows and usability principles. Strive for visual clarity, simplicity, consistency, balance and beauty. Familiar with Illustrator and Sketch. Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. You will love this job if. you enjoy a lot of variety (considering new requirements, workflows, mockups, prototypes, web design, illustration, infographics, employer branding, online and print marketing).you want to collaborate with an international team of 12 experienced designers.working tech, movie, gaming and popculture into the brand is attractive to you.UX is more than usability and more than design to you.you take mobile first for granted.Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 50, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a higher salary in line with qualifications and experience.Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply online.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T14: 31: 460100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261680, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Software Engineer (mf) for NoOps instead of DevOps, Software Engineer (mf) for NoOps instead of DevOps. Technology Linz, Austria. DevOps NoOps Continuous delivery Software as a Service B2B Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered. Interested in a NoOps culture? Are you an automation junkie (writing code instead of rerunning things manually)? Do you think outside of the box and want to drive your own creative ideas?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. Due to our high quality standards and cuttingedge technologies we are proud to convince customers like Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others.Your role in the team. Lead lively discussions about use cases by analyzing business and internal needs. Design and develop new tools for development, support and other teams. Use modern cloud technologies and develop only with fully automated test, build and deployment pipeline. Your profile. Technical study related to Software Engineering andor experience in Development or DevOps. Sound Java skills and having an idea what Elastic and Aurora is about. Visionary and proactive (wo)man of action who loves challenges. Why join Dynatrace. NoOps culture as key success factor. Global Leader in Performance Management with flat hierarchy and open culture. OpenDoor policy, learning from each other, facing challenges and celebrating success together as a team. International and diverse workplace. Organizer of DevOne, our own annual developer conference. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary for this position, which is EUR 42. 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a market conform salary in line with qualifications and experience.Convince yourself of our NoOps culture and apply online.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T14: 31: 470100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261681, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Part Time Java Developer No 0815 Student Job !, Part Time Java Developer No 0815 Student Job !. Technology Linz, Austria. Are you looking for a demanding part-time job during your studies? Do you want to learn from an experienced mentor and gradually take on more responsibility? Do you want a career entry that offers exciting career opportunities even after you graduate? Then you are exactly right with us!. At Dynatrace you will continue to develop our world leading product using the latest Java technologies. With superior quality and state-of-the-art technologies, we delight our customers like Apple, Google, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our Java experts are really looking forward to seeing you, although fun for your work should not be neglected. On Kununu. com we were chosen by employees and applicants for the best IT company in Austria. His area of ​​responsibility in the team. Frontend and / or backend development in Java (depending on interest different emphases such as High Performance Computing, Big Data, Distributed Systems or modern web technologies). Collaboration with Product Managers and SW Architects as a Scrum Team member. Regular exchange with international development teams. Our expectations of you. Advanced Bachelors or Masters degree in Software Engineering. Profound knowledge in Java and understanding of software architecture. Creative team player with an independent way of working and high quality standards. You will feel comfortable with us, if. If you are looking for challenging tasks with cuttingedge technologies, you are looking for an international environment. You are in the mood for fun and motivation. You like to bring in new ideas and proactively implement them. You do not want to give up excellent coffee and delicious muesli. Look behind the scenes , Facebook: facebook. comdynatraceaustria. Instagram: dynatraceaustria. Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. We offer an entry-level gross salary starting at EUR 35. 140, (HTL degree) based on a full-time job. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180321T14: 31: 490100, PARTTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5261683, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cellphone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Sponsor Mentor Program, Parking, Good Access, Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transportation subsidy, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Senior Java Software Engineer (mw): Developer for # 1 Digital Performance Monitoring Software, Senior Java Software Engineer (mw): Developer for # 1 Digital Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Linz, Austria. Java 8 Serverside High Performance Computing Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered Distributed Systems. Are you passionate about Java development? Are you attracted by an innovative IT company from Linz that has been the world market leader for more than 10 years? Do you want to be part of an agile team that masters challenges together and lives open communication ?. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. Development of the Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution in Java (Java 8, GIT, Jenkins, Gradle, EclipseIntelliJ). Depending on the preference Full Stack Development or ServerBackend Specialization. Autonomous design and implementation of new features (Feature Ownership). Intensive cooperation with local and international development teams. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. At least five years of experience in professional Java software development including architectural design. Enjoy learning new technologies. Proactive team player with high quality awareness and independent working methods. You will feel comfortable with us, if. you are looking for challenging tasks with the latest technologies. an international environment is appealing. agile development methods (Scrum) are a matter of course for you. you like to work in a team and appreciate an open exchange. you like to introduce new product ideas and proactively implement them. We offer Entry gross salary starting from EUR 50,000 (according to relevant qualification and experience accordingly more). Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply now online. Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180321T14: 31: 500100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5261684, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cellphone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Sponsor Mentor Program, Parking, Good Access, Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transport subsidies, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Java Software Engineer (mw) Developer for # 1 Performance Monitoring Software, Java Software Engineer (mw) Developer for # 1 Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Linz, Austria. Java 8 Serverside High Performance Computing Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered Distributed Systems Full Time. Are you passionate about Java development? Are you attracted by an innovative IT company from Linz that has been the world market leader for more than 10 years? Do you want to be part of an agile team that masters challenges together and lives open communication ?. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. Development of the Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution in Java (Java 8, GIT, Jenkins, Gradle, EclipseIntelliJ). Depending on the preference Full Stack Development or ServerBackend Specialization. Autonomous design and implementation of new features (Feature Ownership). Intensive cooperation with local and international development teams. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. Sound Java knowledge. Understanding of software architecture. Enjoy learning new technologies. Proactive team player with high quality awareness and independent working methods. You will feel comfortable with us, if. you are looking for challenging tasks with the latest technologies. an international environment is an irritant. agile development methods (Scrum) are a matter of course for you. you like to work in a team and appreciate an open exchange. you like to introduce new product ideas and implement them proactively. The minimum collective salary is EUR 39. 200 (UniFH degree) or EUR 35. 140 (HTL degree). However, depending on qualifications and experience, we offer a significantly higher gross monthly salary. Synatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180321T14: 31: 510100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5261686, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Good Connections, Education & Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transport subsidies, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Innovative VP (mf) for global Technical Customer Success, Innovative VP (mf) for global Technical Customer Success. Support Linz, Austria. Customer Experience Innovation Automation Software as a Service Digital Transformation SelfDriving IT. Ready for Austrias greatest challenge in building the future generation of proactive and automated Technical Customer Support? Passionate about exploring new ways for an extraordinary customer experience? Fascinated by Big Data Automation?. If you lead by example and want to make an impact with innovative solutions, we are looking forward to getting to know you!. Your role. Discover new opportunities for enhancing customer experience by using our SaaS product (realtime feedback) for usage insight. Foster proactive (not just reactive) support with Big Data analytics and AImachine learning approaches. Explore innovative techniques for automation (Growth hacking approach). Develop and innovate on premium experience customer support offerings. Ensure growth of your global team and a consistent, differentiated experience for our customers all around the world. Engage with key customers at executive levels and key senior field leaders. Tight collaboration and agile feedback loop with global product and services teams. Your profile. Minimum of 7 years of experience as CTO, Startup Founder, Engineering Lead or Product Management Lead. Entrepreneurial mindset and true leader (strategy vision). Innovator to techniques, automation analytics. Strive for great customer experience. Excellent and businessfluent English skills. Your team. More than 10 excellent team leads. Nearly 100 experienced technical support engineers worldwide. International business and operating environment (Linz, Detroit, Sydney, Tokyo Gdansk). Agile collaboration. Amazing team spirit. Why join Dynatrace. Global Leader in Performance Management with flat hierarchy and open culture. Unique opportunity to lead a transformation towards an innovative, proactive and automated Tech Support. OpenDoor policy, learning from each other, facing challenges and celebrating success together as a team. International and diverse workplace. Organizer of DevOne, our own annual developer conference. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 80, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a market conform salary in line with qualifications and experience.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T14: 31: 560100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261691, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
UX Designer (mf) for #1 Performance Monitoring Software, UX Designer (mf) for #1 Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Klagenfurt, Austria. Sketch Invision Mobile First Software as a Service B2B Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered. Are you done working on smalltime projects with zero to none complexity? Excited about building engaging user experiences? Looking for teammates who appreciate open communication and face challenges together as a team?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. Due to our high quality standards and cuttingedge technologies we are proud to convince customers like Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others.Your role in the team. Understand product domains, customer, and business needs. Do user tests, talk to customers and work with analytics. Build product design mocks (Sketch) and interactive click mocks (Invision). Produce information architectures and workflows. Create wireframes on whiteboards and paper. Work with product management and development. Our expectations for you. Experience in building user interfaces and workflows (more than portfolio websites). Think in information structures, data hierarchies, flows and usability principles. Strive for visual clarity, simplicity, consistency, balance and beauty. Familiar with Invision and Sketch. Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. You will love this job if. you enjoy a lot of variety (considering new requirements, workflows, mockups, prototypes, web design, illustration, infographics, employer branding, online and print marketing).you want to collaborate with an international team of 12 experienced designers.working tech, movie, gaming and popculture into the brand is attractive to you.UX is more than usability and more than design to you.you take mobile first for granted.Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 39, 200 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a higher salary in line with qualifications and experience.Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply online.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Lakeside B08a. 9020 Klagenfurt am Wörthersee. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T15: 36: 140100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5261724, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
UX Unicorn (mf): Ready for Austrias most diversified, technical and visual UX challenge?, UX Unicorn (mf): Ready for Austrias most diversified, technical and visual UX challenge?. Technology Klagenfurt, Austria. Illustrator Sketch Mobile First Software as a Service B2B Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered. Excited about facing Austrias most diversified, technical and visual UX challenge? Looking for teammates who appreciate open communication and face challenges together as a team?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. Due to our high quality standards and cuttingedge technologies we are proud to convince customers like Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others.Your role in the team. Build complex user interfaces, information architectures, workflows, wireframes and mockups. Create product design mocks (Sketch), interactive click mocks (Invision) and infographics, illustrations and icons (Adobe Illustrator). Add widgets, resources and howtos to our living style guide. Work with product management, development, marketing, sales and employer branding teams. Our expectations for you. More than 3 years of experience in UX Design (more than portfolio websites, ideally software solution). Technical understanding that goes beyond clicking through Wordpress. Think in information structures, data hierarchies, flows and usability principles. Strive for visual clarity, simplicity, consistency, balance and beauty. Familiar with Illustrator and Sketch. Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. You will love this job if. you enjoy a lot of variety (considering new requirements, workflows, mockups, prototypes, web design, illustration, infographics, employer branding, online and print marketing).you want to collaborate with an international team of 12 experienced designers.working tech, movie, gaming and popculture into the brand is attractive to you.UX is more than usability and more than design to you.you take mobile first for granted.Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 50, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a higher salary in line with qualifications and experience.Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply online.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Lakeside B08a. 9020 Klagenfurt am Wörthersee. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T15: 36: 150100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5261725, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Senior Java Software Engineer (mw): Developer for # 1 Digital Performance Monitoring Software, Senior Java Software Engineer (mw): Developer for # 1 Digital Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Klagenfurt, Austria. Java 8 Serverside High Performance Computing Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered Distributed Systems. Now it is time, Dynatrace is Klagenfurt right in the heart of Lakeside Park !. Are you passionate about Java development? Are you attracted by an innovative IT company from Linz that has been the world market leader for more than 10 years? Do you want to be part of an agile team that masters challenges together and lives open communication ?. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. Development of the Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution in Java (Java 8, GIT, Jenkins, Gradle, EclipseIntelliJ). Depending on the preference Full Stack Development or ServerBackend Specialization. Autonomous design and implementation of new features (Feature Ownership). Intensive cooperation with local and international development teams. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. At least five years of experience in professional Java software development including architectural design. Enjoy learning new technologies. Proactive team player with high quality awareness and independent working methods. You will feel comfortable with us, if. you are looking for challenging tasks with the latest technologies. an international environment is appealing. agile development methods (Scrum) are a matter of course for you. you like to work in a team and appreciate an open exchange. you like to introduce new product ideas and proactively implement them. We offer Entry gross salary starting from EUR 50,000 (according to relevant qualification and experience accordingly more). Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply now online. Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Lakeside B08a. 9020 Klagenfurt am Wörthersee. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180321T15: 36: 170100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5261727, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cellphone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Good Connections, Education & Training, Employee Events, Flexible Hours, Home Office , Employee bonuses, transport subsidies, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Java Software Engineer (mw) Developer for # 1 Performance Monitoring Software, Java Software Engineer (mw) Developer for # 1 Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Klagenfurt, Austria. Java 8 Serverside High Performance Computing Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered Distributed Systems Full Time. Now it is time, Dynatrace is Klagenfurt right in the heart of Lakeside Park !. Are you passionate about Java development? Are you attracted by an innovative IT company from Austria that has been the world market leader for more than 10 years? Do you want to be part of an agile team that masters challenges together and lives open communication ?. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. Development of the Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution in Java (Java 8, GIT, Jenkins, Gradle, EclipseIntelliJ). Depending on the preference Full Stack Development or ServerBackend Specialization. Autonomous design and implementation of new features (Feature Ownership). Intensive cooperation with local and international development teams. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. Sound Java knowledge. Understanding of software architecture. Enjoy learning new technologies. Proactive team player with high quality awareness and independent working methods. You will feel comfortable with us, if. you are looking for challenging tasks with the latest technologies. an international environment is an irritant. agile development methods (Scrum) are a matter of course for you. you like to work in a team and appreciate an open exchange. you like to introduce new product ideas and implement them proactively. The minimum collective salary is EUR 39. 200 (UniFH degree) or EUR 35. 140 (HTL degree). However, depending on qualifications and experience, we offer a significantly higher gross monthly salary. Convince yourself of Dynatrace and send us your application. Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Lakeside B08a. 9020 Klagenfurt am Wörthersee. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180321T15: 36: 180100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5261729, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cellphone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking, Well Connected, Training, Employee Events, Flexible Hours, Home Office , Employee bonuses, transport subsidies, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Java Software Engineer (mf) for #1 Performance Monitoring Solution, Java Software Engineer (mf) for #1 Performance Monitoring Solution. Technology Klagenfurt, Austria. Java 8 Serverside High Performance Computing Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered Distributed Systems. Now the time has come: Dynatrace is in Klagenfurt! Visit our brand new and ultramodern Dynatrace Software Development Lab in the Lakeside Park.Excited about Java development? Wanting to join a global leader that enables digital transformation?. Looking for teammates who appreciate open communication and face challenges together as a team?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. Due to our high quality standards and cuttingedge technologies we are proud to convince customers like Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others.Your role in the team. Develop the Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution in Java (Java 8, GIT, Jenkins, Gradle, EclipseIntelliJ). Full Stack or ServerBackend development. Feature Ownership: Design and implement new features on your own. Collaborate with local and international development teams. Our expectations for you. Technical study related to Software Engineering. Experience in Java development (ideally). Understanding of Software Architecture. Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. You will love this job if. you enjoy learning new technologies.you take working with agile methods (Scrum) for granted.an international environment is attractive to you.you appreciate team spirit and like swapping new ideas with your teammates.Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 39, 200 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a higher salary in line with qualifications and experience.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Lakeside B08a. 9020 Klagenfurt am Wörthersee. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T15: 36: 190100, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5261730, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Data Scientist (fm): Machine Learning models for AI powered Performance Monitoring Solution, Data Scientist (fm): Machine Learning models for AI powered Performance Monitoring Solution. Technology Linz, Austria. Software as a Service Digital Transformation SelfDriving IT Cloud Monitoring Big Data Prediction. Passionate about developing machine learning models? Excited about huge performance and monitoring data sets? Wanting to join a global leader that enables digital transformation?. Dynatrace redefined monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. We are proud to excite customers like Google, Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others. Dynatrace is the only webscale monitoring solution on the market designed to meet the needs of modern applications. Apply and join our motivated and talented Data Science Team.Your role in the team. Develop new Machine Learning models for prediction, classification and clustering. Design use cases for taking advantage of our huge performance and monitoring data sets. Cooperate with Development and Product Management to integrate your machine learning modules into our product. Our expectations for you. More than 3 years of experience in building machine learning models (e. g. using techniques like deep neural network, support vector machine, random forest or bayesian networks). Familiar with unsupervised learning techniques like kmeans clustering, DBSCAN and anomaly detection. Experience with machine learning frameworks like Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, Theano, ScikitLearn, Caffe. Programming skills in a high level language (e. g. Java, C or Python). Handson Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. You will love this job if. Machine Learning is your passion and you want to drive your own ideas.you are fascinated by technical challenges and think outside the box.an international environment is attractive to you.Seeing is believing. Check out the Dynatrace free trial. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 50, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a market conform salary in line with qualifications and experience.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply online:Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T15: 36: 510100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261738, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Java Frontend Developer (mw): # 1 Performance Monitoring Solution, Java Frontend Developer (mw): # 1 Performance Monitoring Solution. Technology Linz, Austria. Java 8 Angular Big Data Cloud Monitoring AIpowered Distributed Systems. Do you like frontend development? Are you attracted by an innovative IT company from Linz that has been the world market leader for more than 10 years? Do you want to be part of an agile team that masters challenges together and lives open communication ?. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. FrontendUI development of our UserCentric application in Angular. Development of sophisticated algorithms in Java 8. Autonomous design and implementation of new features (Feature Ownership). Intensive cooperation with local and international development teams. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. Profound Java and Angular knowledge. Understanding of software architecture. Enjoy learning new technologies. Proactive team player with high quality awareness and independent working methods. You will feel comfortable with us, if. you are looking for challenging tasks with the latest technologies. an international environment is an irritant. agile development methods (Scrum) are a matter of course for you. you like to work in a team and appreciate an open exchange. you like to introduce new product ideas and implement them proactively. The minimum collective salary for full-time employment is EUR 39. 200 (UniFH degree) or EUR 35. 140 (HTL degree). However, depending on qualifications and experience, we offer a significantly higher gross monthly salary. Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply right here: Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180321T15: 36: 530100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5261741, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Good Connections, Education & Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transportation subsidy, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Technical Product Manager (fm) for #1 Performance Monitoring Software, Technical Product Manager (fm) for #1 Performance Monitoring Software. Technology Linz, Austria. Passionate about creating a WOWeffect for your end users? Always asking WHY and focusing on ease of use to find the revolutionary solution? Looking for an innovative cloud company with a startup vibe and offices around the globe? Apply now and be part of our young, motivated and talented team.Dynatrace is the global leader in Application Performance Management (APM). Our products and services are powered by artificial intelligence, cover the full stack of technologies and are completely automated. Our constant strive for innovation in product and services is unparalleled, and thats how we enable our customers like Apple, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others to drive their digital businesses with ease. Austria is the technical heart of Dynatrace and houses our tech leadership for our flagship product.Your role in the team. Discover new product opportunities by combining customer feedback, BigData analytics of real users, business intelligence and your own gutfeeling to increase effectiveness (be data driven). Design use cases endtoend and provide optimal user experience, without over engineering by truly understanding the user and customer pain points (reduce to the max). Take ownership for business outcomes, work the critical path proactively, anticipate risks and communicate the sowhat effectively to all stakeholders (be a leader). Collaborate with international, agile technical and management teams daily (think globally). Conduct market research and competitive analysis to maximize product and use case focus (compete). Our expectations for you. College degree in Computer Science or IT environments (or equivalent experience). Minimum of 2 years of experience as CTO, Startup founder, Engineering Lead or Product Manager. Handson Teamplayer and proactive (wo)man of action. Passionate about technology and selfdriven towards amazing customer experience. Willingness to travel (< 15%). Why join Dynatrace. Global Leader in Performance Management with flat hierarchy and open culture. OpenDoor policy, learning from each other, facing challenges and celebrating success together as a team. International and diverse workplace. Organizer of DevOne, our own annual developer conference. Seeing is believing. Check out the Dynatrace free trial.Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 50, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a market conform salary in line with qualifications and experience.Apply online and join our talented team.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T15: 36: 590100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261749, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Developer Advocate Product Evangelist (mf), Developer Advocate Product Evangelist (mf). Technology Linz, Austria. Do you want to expand a technology community, engage with hot technology companies and represent the company at top conferences?. Dynatrace is the global leader in Performance Management and redefined Monitoring: AIpowered, full stack automated. Our innovative SaaS product helps customers to get a selfdriving IT. We are proud to excite customers like Google, Apple, Netflix, Delta Airlines, SAP, United Health Care, JP Morgan and many others. Apply and join a team of experienced tech entrepreneurs.Your role. Create momentum and drive the adoption of Dynatrace through your interactions with customers and prospects to help them manage their applications. Advocate the adoption of Dynatrace to strategic partners and the broader DevOps community. Evangelize in person and online by presenting at conferences, blogging, writing technical tutorials, and similar activities. Create engaging content and support social distribution and marketing. Support market research and build a strong product positioning. Engage with industry thought leaders. Travel to different tech hubs while having a local home base. Your profile. Masters Degree in a technical field related to software (or similar qualification). Technical background, with 7 years of experience in software projects and at least 2 years in a leading role. Deep technical knowledge in one of the following areas: Web Applications development, Cloud Platforms, DevOps tool chains or Container Technologies. Excellent English, fluent in written and spoken form. Why join Dynatrace. Become a spokesperson for a hightechnology company. Global Leader in Performance Management with flat hierarchy and open culture. OpenDoor policy, learning from each other, facing challenges and celebrating success together as a team. Vibe of an international company with locations in Linz, Klagenfurt, Boston, Sydney, Barcelona, Gdansk and many others. Organizer of DevOne, our own annual developer conference. Work independently in a young, highly motivated and high talented team. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 55, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a higher salary in line with qualifications and experience.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180321T15: 37: 000100, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5261751, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Junior IT Data Scientist (mw), Make Career in Austria !. Junior IT Data Scientist (mw). The WALTER GROUP with more than 3,600 employees is one of the most successful Austrian private companies. The main business activities of the WALTER GROUP include the Europe-wide handling of full-load road and combined transport by LKW WALTER, the European-wide trading and rental of office, storage and sanitary containers by CONTAINEX, the investment in and leasing of commercial and residential real estate WALTER BUSINESSPARK, WALTER IMMOBILIEN and CONTAINEX REAL ESTATE, warehousing services by WALTER LAGERBETRIEBE as well as the trailer and tractor leasing by WALTER LEASING. The transport world is being permanently changed by digitization, mobile data services, automated communication and Internet platforms. High quality data is the basic requirement for all future services and automation. We are already focusing on data science and artificial intelligence in the design of our software landscape.Your tasks: PotentialAnalysis of the database (structured and unstructured data), identifying correlations and derivation of forecasting models together with the specialist departments. Definition of requirements to transform our applications to analytical functions. Design of Smart Big Data projects. Implementation of machine learning models. Our offer: Comprehensive training according to your future task. Constant personal and professional development at enterprise level. A performance-based pay plus premium. Safe workplace in a financially strong private enterprise. Modern work environment and numerous  social benefits . Your profile. Graduate of (Business) Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or Engineering or any other field of study with a corresponding focus. Passion for Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Technologies. Enthusiasm for mathematical modeling. First experiences or willingness to learn for a mathematical statistical programming language such as R or Python. Enjoy solving interesting and challenging problems. Independence, solution orientation and teamwork. The minimum salary for this position, depending on qualification and experience, is EUR 40. 500, gross per year. The annual salary consists of 14 monthly salaries and a guaranteed premium. After completing the trainee program, we also offer you a performance-related profit sharing. Her job is in Wiener Neudorf (on the southern outskirts of Vienna). We will gladly arrange a startup apartment for you. If you want to work in an expansive, dynamic company, apply online: LKW WALTER Internationale Transportorganisation AG. Industry: Transport logistics, services. Central office: IZ NÖSÜD, street 14, PO Box 36 AT2355 Wiener Neudorf Vienna. Sales: Fiscal year 201617: EUR 1, 96 billionemployees: 1. 613. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. Our market is Europe. Our staff speak more than 35 languages ​​and come from over 40 countries including: Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Denmark Germany England Estonia Finland France Greece Great Britain Iran Iraq Ireland Italy Kazakhstan Croatia Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Sweden Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Czech Republic Turkey Ukraine Hungary Belarus. , 20180328T13: 48: 000200, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, 5261811, Logistics, Transportation,, LKW WALTER, kcdn. atcompany1979497206logolkwwalter. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, IZ NÖSüd, street 14, sameAs: lkwwalter. at
Senior Data Scientist (mw), Make Career in Austria !. Senior Data Scientist (mw). The WALTER GROUP with more than 3,600 employees is one of the most successful Austrian private companies. The main business activities of the WALTER GROUP include the Europe-wide handling of full-load road and combined transport by LKW WALTER, the European-wide trading and rental of office, storage and sanitary containers by CONTAINEX, the investment in and leasing of commercial and residential real estate WALTER BUSINESSPARK, WALTER IMMOBILIEN and CONTAINEX REAL ESTATE, warehousing services by WALTER LAGERBETRIEBE as well as the trailer and tractor leasing by WALTER LEASING. The transport world is being permanently changed by digitization, mobile data services, automated communication and Internet platforms. High quality data is the basic requirement for all future services and automation. We are already focusing on data science and artificial intelligence in the design of our software landscape.Your tasks: PotentialAnalysis of the database (structured and unstructured data), identifying correlations and derivation of forecasting models together with the specialist departments. Definition of requirements to transform our applications to analytical functions. Design of Smart Big Data projects. Implementation of machine learning models. Our offer: Comprehensive training according to your future task. Constant personal and professional development at enterprise level. A performance-based pay plus premium. Safe workplace in a financially strong private enterprise. Modern work environment and numerous  social benefits . Your profile. Graduate in (Economic) Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or Engineering or any other field of study with a corresponding focus.Experience in Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Mathematical Optimization, Artificial Intelligence and / or Machine Learning Technologies. Excellent statistics and mathematics skills. Familiar with programming languages ​​R or Python and secure handling of databases. Interdisciplinary thinking and working, self-motivation and innovation. Result orientation, communication skills and the ability to easily communicate complex topics. The minimum salary for this position, depending on qualification and experience, is EUR 44. 500, gross per year. The annual salary consists of 14 monthly salaries and a guaranteed premium. After completing the trainee program, we also offer you a performance-related profit sharing. Her job is in Wiener Neudorf (on the southern outskirts of Vienna). We will gladly arrange a startup apartment for you. If you want to work in an expansive, dynamic company, apply online: LKW WALTER Internationale Transportorganisation AG. Industry: Transport logistics, services. Central office: IZ NÖSÜD, street 14, PO Box 36 AT2355 Wiener Neudorf Vienna. Sales: Fiscal year 201617: EUR 1, 96 billionemployees: 1. 613. Date of entry: immediately. Working hours: Full time. Our market is Europe. Our staff speak more than 35 languages ​​and come from over 40 countries including: Belgium Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Denmark Germany England Estonia Finland France Greece Great Britain Iran Iraq Ireland Italy Kazakhstan Croatia Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Sweden Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Czech Republic Turkey Ukraine Hungary Belarus. , 20180328T13: 47: 000200, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, 5261820, Logistics, Transportation,, Truck WALTER, kcdn. atcompany1979497206logolkwwalter. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, IZ NÖSüd, street 14, sameAs: lkwwalter. at
Expert Sales for xe2x80x9eApplication Management Servicesxe2x80x9c, Expert Sales for AM. Reference no.19021. Country. Austria. Region. AT Vienna. Company Information. Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leading provider of digital transformation with approximately 100,000 employees in 72 countries and a pro forma annual turnover of approximately € 12 billion. As the European market leader in big data, cybersecurity and digital workplace, Atos supports companies worldwide with cloud services, infrastructure and data management as well as business and platform solutions. In addition, there are services provided by the subsidiary Worldline, the European market leader for payments and transaction services. With innovative technologies, comprehensive digital expertise and in-depth industry knowledge, Atos accompanies the digital transformation of customers from different market segments: banking, education, chemicals, energy and utilities, health, commerce, media and publishing, public sector, production, telecommunications, transport and logistics, Insurance and defense. The Group is the worldwide IT partner of the Olympic and Paralympic Games and listed on the Paris stock exchange Euronext. Atos operates under Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Their duties: As Expert Sales for xe2x80x9eApplication Management Services, you are responsible for a variety of business opportunities, from initial acquisition to requirements, proposal preparation and delivery Team. You will be supported by the Atos sales team and various specialists on various service aspects. You will communicate directly with our customers, understand their business requirements for outsourcing a service and design the service delivery architectures in a team. Your profile. You have already gained several years of experience at the interface to the customer with focus on the acquisition of projects and services and are significantly interested in an innovative development of sales measures and processes. They are characterized by a high interest in modern IT solutions and already have experience with Application They understand service processes, ITIL based service organizations, their metrics and their implementation in a customer-oriented service architecture. They feel confident and comfortable in presenting the developed solutions to customers and are able to To present the business case convincingly to the customers. They appreciate new challenges, which they successfully implement through a high degree of initiative and willingness to learn. They like to work in a team and openly approach people.Graduated, networked and solution-oriented thinking is one of your strengths.You have a degree from a higher vocational school (HAK, HTL) or have completed a business or technical degree.Very good German and good English skills round off your profile.We offer. A varied and challenging activity in projects with well-known customers. An experienced, dynamic team with the best customer relationships. Mentoring for the first six months and continuing education. Flexible working hours and working models to reconcile work and family life. Performance-oriented, market-driven payment. As well as other company benefits (canteen, additional holidays and more). We are legally obliged to point out that the collectively agreed gross annual salary is EUR45. 948, full time. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market and adjusted aliquot to the actual number of hours worked. Further information Did we spark your interest? We look forward to receiving your online application including CV and motivation letter !. Apply for this job. at. atos. net. , 20180322T13: 59: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5261886, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Flexible hours, employee benefits, Atos IT Solutions and Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7967383712logoatos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Siemensstr. 92, sameAs: at. Atos. netdeat
Senior Software Engineer (mw): Elasticsearch Cassandra, Senior Software Engineer (mw): Elasticsearch Cassandra. Technology Linz, Austria. Backend Development Elasticsearch Cassandra Time Series Serverside High Performance Computing Big Data Cloud Monitoring Distributed Systems. Are you excited about 200 TB DiskStorage and 20 billion documents in Elasticsearch? Do you want to get to know an innovative IT company from Linz that has been the world market leader for more than 10 years? Would you like to be part of an agile team that masters challenges together and lives open communication ?. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. ServerBackend Development of the Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution in Java. Optimization of software architecture in terms of scalability performance (> 1, 6 million lines of code). Specializing in Elasticsearch, Cassandra Time Series. Autonomous design and implementation of new features eg for Metrics API (Feature Ownership). Integration of new technologies (Azure, AWS, OpenShift) and standardization of query languages ​​for databases. Intensive cooperation with local and international development teams. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. At least five years of experience in professional Java software development including architectural design. Proactive team player with high quality awareness and independent working methods. You will feel comfortable with us, if. you are looking for a variety of tasks in Largescale Development with the latest technologies. you appreciate fast feedback, short release cycles and the responsibility to deploy an international environment Reizt.agile development methods (Scrum) for you are selbst.du like to work in a team and an open exchange We would be glad to bring in your own ideas and implement them proactively. We offer an entry gross salary starting from EUR 50,000 (with corresponding qualifications and experience correspondingly more). Convince yourself of Dynatrace and apply immediately online. Synatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180322T07: 40: 300100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5262209, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Program Mentor, Parking, Well Connected, Education & Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transportation subsidy, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Sales Product Manager Digital, Schindler stands for mobility. Mobility needs professionals. Reinforce our team in Vienna. Founded in 1874, the Schindler Group is one of the worlds leading providers of elevators and escalators and related services. Every day, Schindlers mobility solutions move one billion people around the world. Behind this success are more than 60,000 employees in over 100 countries. Sales Product Manager Digital. Mobility is the goal. As Sales Product Manager Digital, you are primarily responsible for the implementation of the product strategy as well as for the support of the digital product range. In close cooperation with Group-wide product management, you implement the implementation of new digital products and act as the main contact person in Austria. Their tasks are in particular: definition and execution of product strategies as well as product requirements. Introduction and further development of new digital products. Establishment of a sales model including the associated marketing concept. Organization and implementation of in-house and external initial training on site. Conducting market and competitor analyzes. Support in the support of in and external users of our digital products. Continuous development and transfer of technical know-how as a communication interface. Mobility needs you. Enthusiasm and passion for our future-oriented (digital) products as well as for interdisciplinary cooperation in interdisciplinary teams characterize you. Furthermore, you have: a degree and / or HTL in the field of industrial engineering, business informatics or comparable education or training.mind. 35 years experience in product management and sales, experience with digital products desirable. Experience in project management, interface management, SAP and / or software design. Interest in new technologies and their economic application (eg Big Data, IoT). a proactive, autonomous way of working coupled with resilience and networked thinking and a high degree of responsibility. Excellent communicative and cooperative skills. very good German and English. Willingness to travel up to 20%. Would you like to shape the mobility of tomorrow with us ?. Then we look forward to your meaningful application via our online portal. Sandra Ornig. 4357244633343. The remuneration corresponds to the respective classification according to the collective agreement in the metal-working industry and amounts to at least EUR 2. 487, 61 grossMonat on a full-time basis. An overpayment is planned and the last possible salary is agreed in a personal interview. Schindler. at. Apply. , 20180322T07: 57: 390100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5262273, construction, real estate, building services,, Schindler elevators and escalators GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3233296537logoschindleraufzgeundfahrtreppengmbh. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1100, Wienerbergstrasse 25, sameAs: Schindler. at
IT Business Intelligence Analyst (wm), IT Business Intelligence Analyst (wm). Vienna crude oil natural gas production full time. Plan us! Experis is an international recruitment consultancy specializing in the placement of experts in IT, engineering, banking insurance, finance and executive search. A well-established company in Vienna is looking for a quick start with the partner Experis a dedicated Business Intelligence Analyst (wm). Your new job. Creating and presenting predictions on customer energy consumption. Further development of automation of forecasting processes. Evaluate mathematical forecasting methods. Integration of forecasting models into the existing IT landscape. Ongoing analysis and development of forecasting quality and processes. Maintenance of the relevant IT systems and interfaces. Develop strategies to reduce energy costs. We offer. Exciting task in international group environment. Flexible working hours. Company canteen and company doctor. Very good connection to the public transport network. Modern office space. They bring along. University degree (UNIFH) with focus on mathematics, statistics, IT or similar. First relevant work experience of advantage. Knowledge and experience in creating forecasts ideal. Very good IT and programming skills (pyton of advantage). Excellent German and English language skills. Numerical affine and analytical procedure. Enjoy innovative solutions. Motivated, flexible and loyal. We build on you! We are looking forward to meet you! If you have further questions, you are welcome to contact Ms. DI Adelheid Hochpöchler, BA. Remuneration. Wages from EUR 3. 300, 00 gross monthly, overpayment due to qualification and professional experience möglich.Referenznummer. 1592497055. T: 431516 767001., 20180322T09: 43: 270100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5262376, personnel services, meal allowance, staff cell phone, good connection, Experis, kcdn. atcompany827173204122expbelogosshormcrgb. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Walcherstraße 6Unit1, 3rd floor, sameAs: experis. at
(Junior) Hybris Consultant (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee (Junior) Hybris Consultant (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Design, development and support of international online shops. Strategic development of the technical platform for all international eCommerce solutions. Coordination of external agencies and implementation partners. Sustainable knowledge building in B2C eCommerc. Collaboration in national and international projects. The tasks are designed in terms of scope and content depending on the already existing professional experience and qualifications. They offer: successfully completed training in the IT sector or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. Knowledge in dealing with eCommerce Shop solutions advantageous but not mandatory. Knowledge in agile development processes and methods desirable. Enjoyment of learning and active design. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 45: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262380, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
DevOps System Engineer (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee.DevOps System Engineer (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Autonomous planning of the expansion of diverse infrastructuresSystemServices with a focus on eCommerce (eg Web Shop, Content Management System etc.). Implementation of projects in state-of-the-art IT infrastructure DevOps environment. Development of highly automated environments for product development testing. Working with modern operating systems, configuration management and build tools. Collaboration in national and international projects. They offer: successfully completed training in the IT sector or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. Combination of Java Linux knowhow and sound network knowledge. Experience in several areas of advantage: configuration management (eg Ansible), cloud technologies (eg public clouds: Azure, Google), container technologies (eg Docker, Kubernetes). Strong interest in innovation and new technologies. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 47: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262385, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
DevOps Engineer Continuous Integration (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee.DevOps Engineer Continuous Integration (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Automate build and deployment processes. Implementation of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Pipelines. Sustainable knowledge building in the field of DevOps. Further development of existing solutions. Collaboration in national and international projects. They offer: successfully completed training in the IT sector or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. In-depth knowledge of one or more script programming languages ​​(Java, Bash, xe2x80xa6). Good knowledge of tools like Jenkins, GIT, SonarQube, Ansible, Nexus, Docker or similar. as well as in development processes and methods. Basic knowledge in the administration of Linux systems. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 48: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262389, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
IT Application Manager B2B (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.IT Application Manager B2B (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Management and cooperation in international B2B projects. Support and further development of innovative solutions (B2BContentWebsites, portal solutions, master data). Optimization of the processes used in terms of efficiency and innovation. Advising our internal customers on the introduction of new processes and products. They offer: Successfully completed training in IT (HTL, FH, UNI). Knowledge in project management and experience in business administration. Experience in the B2B eCommerce environment is an advantage. xe2x80x9eHandsOn  mentality and strong technical understanding. Above-average degree of commitment, independence, distinctive ability to communicate, understanding of customer requirements, good appearance and sound quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 49: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262391, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Data Analyst (mw) in Squad Savings Investments, For us, change is the only constant and change on the agenda. We see change as an opportunity. You are a team player and love to drive things together? You bring your own ideas from the beginning? You appreciate a pleasant working environment in an agile structure with flat hierarchies? You want a job that, according to Great Place to Work (R) Audit, is one of the best in Austria? Then you are exactly the person we are looking for! Apply with us and come to INGDiBa !. Data Analyst (mw) in the Squad Savings Investments. Your tasks. As a team member in Chapter Data Analytics you work agile in a squad with 79 employees from different areas. The squad has the endtoend responsibility for the products in the savings and investment area including product development and marketing. With your analyzes, concepts and recommendations you actively contribute to developing successful, innovative marketing and customer loyalty solutions from local and global target groups and trend evaluations. You always think in a customer-oriented way and contribute to constantly improving customer satisfaction. Support of the product and marketing team through analysis of market potential, sales channels. Support in the expansion of new customer numbers and CrossBuy quotas. Analysis of the target group structure and derivation of behavioral patterns. Expansion and maintenance of customer scores to optimize the response of marketing activities. Derivation of marketing opportunities for real-time, event-driven marketing, campaigns, CRM, etc. Further development of the customer intelligence strategy and development of professional concepts for CIL solutions. Preparation of international reports and presentations. Further development of the Data Marts. You bring that with you. Study of statistics, mathematics or business informatics. Many years of experience in Customer Intelligence CRM. Experience in creating forecasting models. Understanding of database models and processes. Comprehensive knowledge of the SASS software and expert handling of large amounts of data. good written and spoken English knowledge). Pursuing self-initiative as well as the ability to develop and implement long-term strategies. Efficient way of working, strong analytical skills. Enjoy working in a team. We offer you that. A challenging job where you can actively participate. An appreciative work climate in an agile structure. A minimum salary of EUR 2. 906, 11 gross for 38, 5 hours per week according to collective agreement for employees of banks and bankers (032018). Your actual salary, we agree together according to qualifications and prior experience in a personal conversation.Du you feel addressed. Apply here !. , 20180322T09: 52: 530100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5262395, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, INGDiBa Austria Branch of INGDiBa AG, kcdn. atcompany5464296688logoingdibaag. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Praterstraße 31, sameAs: ingdiba. at
IT Juniors Specialists for Software Testing Test Automation (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for new employees for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.IT Juniors Specialists for SoftwareTesting Test Automation (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: (Test) Automation of IT solutions (eCommerce, Mobile, Web, SAP,). Collaboration in exciting projects to build the (test) automation or end-to-end responsibility in projects (depending on the level of experience). Working with the software Tricentis TOSCA (no programming knowledge necessary). Interesting tasks in the area of ​​Quality Assurance and Test Management (JIRA, Crowd Testing, Service Virtualization, xe2x80xa6). Co-designing the DevOps processes agile methods in the company. The tasks are designed in terms of scope and content depending on the already existing professional experience and qualifications. They offer: Successfully completed training with an IT focus (HTL, HAK, FH, UNI). Experiences in the field of (test) automation as well as in the implementation of IT projects advantageous; however, we also give dedicated career starters a chance. Interest in automation and increasing productivity as well as enthusiasm for constantly new challenges. Understanding of Pozesse as well as business and organizational connections. High analysis and communication skills, above-average commitment and quick comprehension. Willingness to learn and the will to personal development; Missing knowledge is supplemented by appropriate training plans. Very good German and English spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 54: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262399, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Senior SQL Developer, We e experts in the worlds fastest growing sector globe shopping, where consumers from one country shop in another. We introduced the world to Tax Free Shopping over 30 years ago, but now offer a range of great services to help travellers shop and spend wisely in 43 countries around the world. We work with over 270, 000 of the worlds favourite brands, helping businesses engage with globe shoppers. Our IT headquarter is located in Vienna and we do have offices all over the globe, we e a truly international team. globalblue. com. Senior SQL Developer. OVERVIEW. In this position as Senior SQL Developer, you will be responsible for development of our solutions in TFS Transaction Monitoring team. This highly responsible role involves offering state of the art technology solutions that will drive forward Global Blues Tax Free Shopping and Currency Choice product offerings. You will have the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology in an agile environment for the market leader in its industry.RESPONSIBILITIES. Develop and design our endtoend coverage platform and reporting solution.Develop and optimize stored procedures, database triggers, views, etc.Apply database modelling techniques to ensure development and implementation support efforts to meet best practice and performance expectations.Share domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and crosstraining to other peers and team members.Produce documentation of key functionalities and critical components.REQUIREMENTS. Desired Skills and Experience. University graduate bachelors degree in technologyrelated field or technical education.Experience in a professional software development work environment. Strong experience with Microsoft SQL Server.Solid experience with SQL, stored procedures, database triggers, views and other database manipulation languagesmethods.Solid experience in data consolidation, data acquisition, ETL, SSIS, SQL IDEs.Working knowledge of conceptual, logical, and physical data modeling; dimensional modeling preferred.Preferred. Data Warehousing experience considered a big advantage. Experience working in the Financial Industry a definite asset. Experience in systems that handle highvolume data sets. Personal qualification. Ability to adhere to work plans and track assignments with minimal guidance. Independent and selfmotivated personality. Excellent team player. Excellent problem solving skills. Excellent command of English in spoken and written form. Enjoys working in a multicultural environment. We Offer. Work in fast growing international company. Most state of the art office environment. Development and potential to grow. Multicultural environment. Inspiring colleagues from many different countries. Benefits. Employee referral program. Employee suggestion program. Teambuilding, Team events, Christmas Party. Global Blue guarantees a competitive and performancerelated salary depending on your professional and personal qualifications. As required by Austrian federal law we hereby state, that the legal annual minimum compensation according to the Austrian collective agreement amounts to EUR36. 419, 46, however the total compensation is a subject of individual agreement.Apply. , 20180322T09: 55: 000100, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5262401, Sonstige Branchen, Betriebsarzt, Gute Anbindung, Mitarbeiterbeteiligung, Global Blue Service Company Austria, kcdn. atcompany833753295899logoglobalblueregular. companymid. png, Wien, 1200, Handelskai 92, sameAs: globalblue. com
IT Specialist SAP Master Data Governance (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.IT Specialist SAP Master Data Governance (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: responsibility for applications in our SAP systems in the field of master data. Requirements analysis and conception of new applications. Further development of existing Master Data Governance solutions. Collaboration in international projects. Consulting and support of internal clients in the area of ​​Master Data Governance. They offer: Successfully completed IT Business Administration HTL Training or work experience in the ERP environment, however, we also give a chance to beginners with a high willingness to develop; Missing knowledge is supplemented by appropriate training plans. Experience in the field of SAP ERP, workflow or SAP MDG is an advantage. Understanding of technical and business processes. Independent and autonomous working method, pronounced ability to communicate. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 55: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262402, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Mobile Solution EngineerConsultant (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg.Mobile Solution EngineerConsultant (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Design, development and support of mobile apps. Further development of existing solutions. Coordination of external agencies and implementation partners. Sustainable knowledge development in the field of mobile. Collaboration in national and international projects. They offer: successfully completed training in the IT sector or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. Development skills on one or more mobile platforms (Android, iOS, Cordova, Ionic, React Native, etc.). Knowledge of agile development processes and methods. Handling source control management tools such as git. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 57: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262406, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Software Architect (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. Software Architect (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Architecture Making decisions, documenting and communicating. Project support (requirements engineering, consulting, reviews). Contact for external development partners. Design of technical concepts structures as well as development of prototypesMockUps. Creation and evaluation of effort estimates, support in software selection. Ensuring the high quality requirements of implemented solutions. Further development of existing solutions. They offer: Completed study of computer science or comparable qualification. At least three years of professional experience in implementing modern 3-layer web architectures with JavaJavaScript (ideally with Angular, Spring, HibernateJPA). In-depth knowledge of software development processes and methods as well as in object-oriented programming languages, relational databases and web technologies. Experiences with the development of distributed systems as well as with agile development methods. Knowledge of using modern technologies in cloud environments is an advantage. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time employment 1. 690, Euro gross per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180322T09: 59: 000100, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5262414, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Business Intelligence Consultant focusing on Qlikview and Data Analysis for the Pharmaceutical Industry (mw), Business Intelligence Consultant focusing on Qlikview and Data Analysis for the Pharmaceutical Industry (mw). Location Vienna, Austria Ref # 463. Apply now. Our client is an expert in technology-led information management and a world leader in information, consulting and technology services to the healthcare industry, providing excellent knowledge of the various healthcare systems. Due to the intensive expansion and the development of bespoke Business Intelligence solutions an ambitious and dynamic personality with experience of different BITools, preferably Qlikview, is being sought for Vienna. You will focus on these topics in the job. The accompaniment of the Business Intelligence solutions business segment for the further development of the Austrian market. The care of existing customers in the field of data analysis. The requirements analysis to adapt the standard solution according to the customer needs. The presentation of the solutions by means of individualized demos in Qlikview. The implementation and project management. The exchange with the international colleagues in the BI environment. For this exciting position you bring with you technical training and professional experience from the presales, consulting, business development, product management or an in-house function in the business intelligence environment. Knowledge in working with Qlikview, Microstrategy, Tableau or similar BITools. SQL, R and Java script skills are an advantage. Very good German and good English skills. Enjoy customer contact and enjoy the development and expansion of new customer solutions. You can expect an exciting job in one of the largest global players in multichannel marketing for pharma and biotech. The task field is diverse, coupled with a high level of personal responsibility. Doping: Annual gross target income between EUR 50,000 and EUR 65,000 including a variable component. Of course, the classification is based on your professional qualifications and experience. I am interested in this job. Apply today on our job board Easy. Quick note: If you are not interested in the position and your CV, then you can apply without a CV. Apply now. , 20180322T12: 54: 200100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5262618, Personnel services, meal allowance, fruit, PavelkaDenk Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany527751865528logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1070, Neubaugasse 68114, sameAs: pavelkadenk. at
IT employee Business Intelligence Reporting, my job with added value. IT employee Business Intelligence Reporting. We are HOFER: people with personality. We also bring in our abilities and talents from the private sphere also valuable in the professional environment. Because common values ​​connect. As the most popular grocery retailer in Austria, we are steadily growing with just under 480 branches and more than 11,000 employees and are therefore looking for committed personalities who can help us to shape the corporate success of our company together.Your personality. Enjoy the project work. structured, process-oriented and solution-oriented way of working. technical understanding and analytical thinking. good communication and cooperation skills. Your tasks. Creating database queries and reports in the shopping area with StateoftheArt BITools. ongoing coordination and specification of requirements with the specialist departments. self-conception and ongoing supervision of QlikView Reports and Excel. VBAAnwendungen. Preparing and analyzing different source data and ensuring the quality of reports based on data validations. Creating documentation and conducting user training. Your qualifications. completed economic or technical education (HAKHTLFHUniversität) or equivalent vocational training. Know how in creating database queries with the SQL Server Management Studio or similar tools. ideally experience in creating reports with QlikView or comparable BITools. Our range. above-average salary (gross monthly salary from EUR 2.452, for 38, 5 hoursweek). versatile and responsible field of activity. extensive training. Education and training as part of the HOFER ACADEMY. Possibility of a sabbatical lasting several months. regular teambuilding events. reliable employer. Workplace. Hofer Straße 1 4642 Sattledt. Starting work. from now on. Online application. Please use our online application and attach your CV including motivation letter, photo and all relevant certificates. Apply online. More information about HOFER as an employer under career. Hofer. at., 20180326T09: 53: 000200, FULLTIME, Sattledt, Upper Austria, AT, 5262630, Trade, Fruit, Fitness, Flexible hours, HOFER KG, kcdn. atcompany15483171824logohofer. companymid. png, Sattledt, 4642, Hofer Strasse 1, sameAs: Career. Hofer. at
Innovation Manager Project Manager (mw), who looks further sees more. For projects that convince at every level. For ideas that exist. For the field of innovation management, we are looking for a responsible and committed to the self-responsible handling of projects. Innovation Manager Project Manager (mw). Dornbirn, Austria. Your tasks. Co-development of new business model concepts for the strategic growth fields Search fields: Digital planning, construction, operation. Smart City. Blockchain, Smart Contracts. Acquisition of project management for exciting future platform projects with internal and external employees using agile project management methods. Identification and involvement of external partners in setting up new business models (nationally international). Initiate and develop marketable MVPs. Collaboration with StartUps and partners from the digital community. Your profile. Successfully completed business administration, natural science or technical university studies. Mind. 5 years of relevant experience in innovation management, project management or similar areas. Safe handling of innovation drivers such as big data, data analytics and data science and their use in the industrial construction context. High creativity and a sense of social and technological trends. Distinctive design intent, tackling mentality and flexibility. High level of team spirit and crosslinker quality. Convincing communication and presentation skills. Very good German and good English skills. Our range. Highly qualified and committed employees make us what we are. As one of the most successful construction companies in Austria, our job is to create the best conditions. Because only those who feel comfortable, can develop freely. In addition to exemplary leadership quality, interesting projects and diverse development opportunities, we offer you a minimum salary of EUR 42,000, gross, for this position. A market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and work experience is expressly given. You are interested in joining us ?. You can expect exciting challenges in your area of ​​responsibility, an excellent working atmosphere and a wide range of development opportunities. Contact us. Rhomberg Construction GmbH. z. Attn. Mrs. Juliane Biet. Mariahilfstraße 29. 6900 BregenzAustria. rhomberg. com. , 20180322T16: 12: 090100, FULLTIME, Bregenz, Vorarlberg, AT, 5263095, construction, real estate, building services,, Rhomberg Group, kcdn. atcompany24282755572logorhomberggruppe. companymid. png, Bregenz, 6900, Mariahilfstrasse 29a, same as: rhomberg. com
Solution Architect for Digital Innovations (mw), whoever looks further sees more. For projects that convince at every level. For ideas that exist. For the field of innovation management we are looking for a creative and committed. Solution Architect for Digital Innovations (mw). Dornbirn, Austria. Your tasks. Design of digital platform innovations, platform strategies and concepts in the strategic search fields: digital planning, construction, operation. Smart City. Blockchain, Smart Contracts. Analysis of novel data sources using data science solutions to generate valuable business information. Defining requirements and developing suitable models, concepts and architectures. Using data science methods and implementing predictive analytics models as well as solutions based on, for example, Python. Collaboration with StartUps and partners from the digital community. Your profile. Successfully completed studies (FH, Uni) in the field of computer science or comparable disciplines. Extensive practical experience in software development, system development and database systems. Knowledge of object-oriented languages ​​and scripting languages ​​(Python or similar). In-depth knowledge of highly scalable Paa solutions with a focus on big data and cloud, ideally also with common cloud frameworks (eg Azure). Alternatively experience with geographic information systems and / or digital maps. Distinctive design intent, tackling mentality and flexibility. Very good German and good English skills. Our range. Highly qualified and committed employees make us what we are. As one of the most successful construction companies in Austria, our job is to create the best conditions. Because only those who feel comfortable, can develop freely. In addition to exemplary leadership quality, interesting projects and diverse development opportunities, we offer you a minimum salary of EUR 44,000, gross, for this position. A market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and work experience is expressed. Are you interested in joining us ?. You can expect exciting challenges in your area of ​​responsibility, an excellent working atmosphere and a wide range of development opportunities. Contact us. Rhomberg Construction GmbH. z. Attn. Mrs. Juliane Biet. Mariahilfstraße 29. 6900 BregenzAustria. rhomberg. com. , 20180322T16: 12: 120100, FULLTIME, Dornbirn, Vorarlberg, AT, 5263105, construction, real estate, building services,, Rhomberg Group, kcdn. atcompany24282755572logorhomberggruppe. companymid. png, Bregenz, 6900, Mariahilfstrasse 29a, same as: rhomberg. com
Senior Consultant SAP Business Intelligence (wm), Senior Consultant SAP Business Intelligence (wm). Vienna ITInternet Multimedia Full time. We offer more than just a job. We maximize your career opportunities !. With us you save yourself the application marathon. Take advantage of the free service and benefit from our over 65 years of experience in recruitment. A traditional IT company is looking for a Senior Consultant SAP Business Intelligence (wm). Your new job. They lead the analysis, conception and realization of modern BI and data science solutions in project teams. From the customer inquiry to the go-live you decide independently and bear the project responsibility. They supervise and control the customer as well as the project team. In the conception and realization of suitable technical architectures you are a role model. As a consultant, you show the added value for the customer in the presales process. Convince the customer of the advantages of the solution. We offer. Varied and challenging activities with well-known customers. Own responsibility for your customer projects. A large, experienced, dynamic team for optimal know-how construction and exchange. Mentoring for the first 6 months as well as ongoing training. Personal development in an international environment. Flexible working hours. Performance-oriented, market-driven payment. They bring along. Completed education (HAK, HTL or a business or technical degree). Several years of experience in the implementation and further development of SAP BI solutions. Deep knowledge of extraction and staging of data on the conception and development of data models. Design reports with the frontend tools of SAP BW and SAP Business Objects. SAP HANA is more than just a marketing term for you. Nice to have: SAP Planning Solutions, Data Science. Important decisions are made with the right partner! If you have further questions, please feel free to contact Ms. Ioana Iuga, Mag. Remuneration. Annual gross salary starting from EUR 45. 948, 00, overpayment possible due to qualification and professional experience.Reference number. 1595370153. T: 431516 767001., 20180323T07: 57: 350100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5263469, personnel service, meal allowance, staff cell phone, good connection, Experis, kcdn. atcompany827173204122expbelogosshormcrgb. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Walcherstraße 6Unit1, 3rd floor, sameAs: experis. at
Software Developers Database Systems Big Data Applications (mw), 10704. 97. Technical Challenges in Industrial Projects. A company that takes the responsibility for its employees seriously. You can find this as a Technical Consultant at IVM. For the expansion of our business unit Software ITSolutions we are looking for one. Software Developers Database Systems Big Data Applications (mw). Your tasks: New and further development of a database system for industrial applications. Conception of data evaluation methods for a long-term database (production data) such as DataMining in the area of ​​multidimensional data. Development of solutions for scalable storage, taking into account a fast access for evaluations. Processing of application-related questions, such as the data synchronization of a central DWH with distributed production databases or the efficient transfer of large amounts of data from other systems. Support of other areas, such as product development or quality management, in technical terms. Active participation in innovation and standardization processes. Presentation and preparation of development reports and preparation of technical documentation. Your qualifications: Completed degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Automation or Mechatronics. Experience in software development (JAVA) and in the database area (Oracle and PLSQL). Knowledge in the field of data analytics. Basic knowledge of automation technology. Readiness for case by case project related missions. good English knowledge. Our offer: Responsible area of ​​responsibility with scope for decision-making. Individual enrollment and training program. Interesting activity in an internationally successful company. Flexible working hours, good transport links, parking, staff restaurant, corporate events. Take on the challenge and shape a future together !. For your application, please use the link to our online application or send your documents to: welcome @ ivm. at.IVM Technical Consultants Vienna Ges. m. b. H. Wiener Strasse 131 4020 Linz.The monthly gross salary for this position is at least EUR 3000, bidding is subject to market-conforming overpayment depending on your individual qualification and professional experience.OnlineAdvertising. Your contact: Ms. Julia Windhager is available to answer your questions! Tel.: 43 (732) 33619521., 20180323T07: 59: 310100, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5263481, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Mental Health, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Staff Notebook, Accessibility , Mentor Mentors Program, Parking, Good Connections, Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational Leaving, Flexible Work Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grants, Employee Benefits, IVM Technical Consultants, kcdn. atcompany1740296460logoivmtechnicalconsultants. companymid. jpg, Vienna Vösendorf, 2331, Schönbrunner Allee 15, sameAs: ivm. at
Intern Advanced Analytics in Quality Management (mw), A GOOD INTERNSHIP IS PRACTICALLY NEVER THEORETICAL. Share with us your passion for successful teamwork. Success is teamwork. Only when experts share their expertise and enthusiasm will create a workflow in which ideas flow. Thats what we call innovation culture. Therefore, we give interns not only the opportunity to listen, but above all, to join in the discussion and further thinking. Trainee Advanced Analytics in Quality Management (mw). Job reference: AT01119. As an intern in quality management and projects you are mainly involved in projects dealing with big data and advanced analytics EOLTest (End of Line Test). The focus of your area of ​​responsibility is inter alia in the data interpretation analysis, and preparation. They work in an inter-site team within the BMW Group and form the interface between the research partner and the internal team of experts. In addition, the moderation of workshops, the preparation of interim and final reports and all required project management content are part of your field of activity. Furthermore, we offer you the chance to write your final thesis (Bachelor or Master) in the context of this activity. The opportunity to contribute to an innovative future project rounds off your exciting field of activity. Qualification: Technical studies at a university university of applied sciences (automotive technology, production technology, etc.). Statistics knowledge. Very good MS Office knowledge (especially Excel). Very good knowledge of English in spoken and written. Self-initiative, independent working method. Team and communication skills. Safe and friendly appearance. Services: Paid six-month internship (earliest possible start) in the largest engine plant of the BMW Group (from EUR 1. 385, 10 lt. KV). Are you looking for an exciting challenge? Then join our team. We look forward to receiving your application documents. You can find much more information here and also have the opportunity to apply directly online: bmwwerksteyr. atkarriere. , 20180323T09: 29: 000100, INTERN, Steyr, Upper Austria, AT, 5263630, Vehicle construction, Supplier, Canteen, Fitness, Training, BMW Motoren GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5801212308logobmwmotorengmbh. companymid. png, Steyr, 4400, Hinterbergerstrasse 2, sameAs: bmwgroupwerke. comsteyrde. html
Lead Developer (mw) xe2x80x93 WEB and mobile applications, Vienna Austria branch. Lead Developer (mw) WEB and mobile applications. Intelligent building needs creative minds in all areas. You are committed and you want to be active, then apply now. Your tasks. Content or technical lead of the internal development team for WEB and mobile applications. Implementation and implementation of new measures to improve the quality of the code. Cooperation in the implementation of projects in HTML5, JavaScript (SAP FIORI) and. NET. Preparation of technical specifications and cost estimates for programming services. Contribute to the strategic software selection. Independent creation of PoCs and first prototypes of applications in the SAP cloud platform (including machine learning and IoT applications). Planning and controlling internal and external development resources. Our expectations. Completed IT training (HTL, FH, Uni). Several years of relevant professional experience in a comparable position; ideally in the corporate environment. First leadership experience of advantage. Professional knowledge in the. NET development, HTML5 and JavaScript. Experience with SharePoint, SAP Fiori or SAP Cloud Platform is an advantage. Very good German and good command of spoken and written English. Proactive person with assertiveness and an economic mindset. Team player with a high level of customer orientation, communication skills and problem-solving skills. We offer. Annual gross salary from EUR 55,000 depending on your individual qualification profile. Various benefits and extensive training opportunities. A dynamic work environment in which team orientation and self-initiative are in demand. We look forward to receiving your application via the online form via porrgroup. comkarriere.PORR AG. Personnel Management Absberggasse 47, 1100 Vienna. , 20180323T10: 25: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5263680, construction, real estate, building services, canteen, employee events, flexible working hours, PORR AG, kcdn. atcompany50062168821logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Absberggasse 47, sameAs: porrgroup. com
Developer for strategic projects, branch Vienna Austria. Developer for strategic projects. in the areas HTML5, JavaScript (SAP Fiori) and the SAP cloud platform. Intelligent building needs creative minds in all areas. You are committed and you want to be active, then apply now. Your tasks. Development of modern HTML5 applications for the mobile use of SAP in agile software development projects. Implementation of standard solutions in the SAP cloud platform. Collection of detailed requirements for project inquiries in cooperation with the in-house consultants and specialist departments. Examination of new possibilities of the SAP cloud platform concerning IoTS scenarios and machine learning. Our expectations. Completed IT training (HTL, FH, Uni). Several years of professional experience in a comparable position desired. Professional knowledge in HTML5 and JavaScript development. Knowledge of the SAP Cloud platform and its possible uses. Very good German and good command of spoken and written English. Team player with a high level of customer orientation, communication skills and problem-solving skills. We offer. Annual gross salary from EUR 50,000 depending on your individual qualification profile. Various benefits and extensive training opportunities. A dynamic work environment in which team orientation and self-initiative are in demand. We look forward to receiving your application via the online form via porrgroup. comkarriere.PORR AG. Personnel Management Absberggasse 47, 1100 Vienna. , 20180323T10: 28: 000100, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5263682, Construction, Real Estate, Building services, Canteen, Employee events, Flexible hours, PORR AG, kcdn. atcompany50062168821logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Absberggasse 47, sameAs: porrgroup. com
Business Intelligence Architect and Developer, Business Intelligence. Architect and developer wanted. Our company. High assortment competence in the areas of sport and fashion, a well-balanced range of services, qualified specialist advice and price-aggressive offers characterize HERVIS. With the xe2x80x9emore ways to shop  approach, HERVIS is decisively shaping the current multichannel trend and is at the forefront of digitization and online shopping, setting important impulses in the industry. HERVIS is always up to date. You are passionate about sports and lifestyle, you are committed and support the decision-making processes in the company through your analyzes. Your tasks. Conception, implementation and maintenance of analytical solutions (SAP BW, MicroStrategy). Maintenance of existing Excel VBA solutions. Creation of prototypes in Excel VBA, MSAccess and MSSQLServer. Data analysis (budgeting, purchasing planning, goods distribution, POS data, CRM). Predictive Analytics. Your profile. Completed technical education (HTLFH) in the IT and Business Administration or corresponding self-taught experience. Excellent MSOffice knowledge, especially EXCEL. Very good knowledge of EXCEL VBA programming and basic knowledge of MS Access and MS SQL Server. Strong understanding of data-driven business processes. Analytical, cross-system thinking. Decisiveness and problem-solving skills. We offer. a secure job in a modern, Austrian company as well. an attractive and performance-related annual salary of at least EUR 35. 000 gross, which is based on your qualifications and work experience, and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum based on full-time employment would be 1. 590, Euro gross per month). a wide range of development opportunities as well as individual training programs. flexible working hours. a pleasant, collegial working atmosphere, numerous benefits and social benefits. , 20180324T00: 00: 000100, FULLTIME, Wals near Salzburg, 5263729, Commerce, Food supplement, Drinks, Fruit, Health measures, Company doctor, Fitness offers, Company car, Employee cell phone, Staff notebook, Dogs tolerated, Parking lot, Good connection, Training and further education, Employee events, Flexible Working hours, employee gifts, HERVIS Sport and ModegesmbH, kcdn. atcompany7362422872logohervissportumodegesmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, Walser Bundesstraße 35, sameAs: hervis. at
Business Reporting Specialist, Business Reporting Specialist. Finance. At Red Bull we believe in the value of data and we intensively use it to enable business strategy and execution. The Data Supply Chain team has been specifically designed and set up for this purpose. As business people, we understand what business teams need. As data experts, we turn their wish into conceptual data models and report designs. As crossfunctional players, we offer them more than what they get from their functional silos. Our team is rapidly growing and we are looking for a new Business Reporting Specialist (mf), who is passionate about data and shares our vision of creating value through it. The successful candidate will be able to translate business needs into data requirements. The experience gained as an endtoend service provider in crossfunctional data driven projects and an innovationoriented approach will allow the candidate to proactively challenge and successfully improve our corporate data model and reporting standards.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull GmbH. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). ENDTOEND SERVICE PROVIDER ON DATA DELIVERY PROJECTSDevelop close working relationships with functional business stakeholders and data quality teams to understand their specific information requirements. Translate business requests into data specification and conceptually design the data structure, provisioning logics (e. g. data transformation logics, quality checks, etc. ) and target data models. Author or oversee the creation of the functional specifications that describe the designed solution. Ensure that target models are in line with corporate principles and guidelines. Design and align with business stakeholders the most suitable reporting solution to deliver the required information to final business teams. This includes conceptual visualization and definition of the delivery solution (e. g. broadcasted reports, online dashboards, etc. ). BUSINESS SOLUTION DEVELOPERChallenge the existing corporate solution landscape for data provisioning, modelling and delivery to continuously improve it and fit to a changing and demanding business environment. Think and design solution improvements, including documentation of functional specification to IT. Colead with IT the developing projects, taking responsibility for test and release phases. OTHER RESPONSIBILITIESConduct adhoc trainings to functional business partners on demand. Your experience includes:(proven performance in). Minimum of 2 years of professional experience with data related or reporting projects. Solid business background in one of the following functional areas: Finance, Marketing, Sales. Very good knowledge and experience in designing business information models, logical data models and data provisioning specifications. Previous experience of master data management advantageous. Project management experience in a complex and structured organizational environment beneficial. Good knowledge of one of the following IT data modelling and reporting solutions: SAP BI, Crystal Reports, Design Studio, Tableau. Ability to tell stories with data and strong visualization skills. Great communication skills with the ability to converse with business partners from all functions at different levels. Proactive, selfmotivated and directed, able to work with different projects in parallel in a fast paced environment, good presentation skills, team player. University degree in Economics, Computer Science or Business Administration. Excellent command of English, additional German is a plus. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, attn. Thomas Diller Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See, redbull. atjobs Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1. 687, gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180323T12: 59: 260100, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5263945, Handel, , Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
Senior Software Developer Computer Vision Machine Vision (mw), your challenge is our chance. Senior Software Developer Computer Vision Image Processing (mw). Full time. Your area of ​​responsibility. We are looking for you for the newly founded company of the KNAPP Group. New and further development of software solutions in the field of industrial image processing (2D3D and Augmented Reality). Development of image processing algorithms: from the first prototype to the finished release. Development of concepts and design for new developments. Performing tests on the developed image processing solutions. Support of commissioning. Your profile. Completed technical education with a focus on image processing (TUFH) or equivalent professional experience. In-depth knowledge of computer vision imaging and machine learning. Solid knowledge in object-oriented programming (C # preferred, C or Java). Knowledge of OpenCV and Halcon is an advantage. Independent and responsible work. Solutions and team-oriented working methods. Good German and English skills. Willingness to travel for short business trips. Our range. Our company offers an agile working environment according to Scrum, professional and personal training programs as well as participation in a motivated team in which the willingness to take responsibility and the enthusiasm for the implementation of ideas are very welcome. We also offer our employees a canteen, free parking and flexible working hours as well as other benefits. This item is subject to a collective agreement minimum salary of EUR 2.984 per month. However, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on your qualifications and prior experience. Your location. Dobl near Graz. ivii gmbh a member of KNAPP group commercial parkstrasse 17 8143 dobl. austria w. ivii. eu. , 20180326T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Dobl, 5264064, Internet, IT, Telecom,, ivii gmbH, kcdn. atcompany1116762934705logoivii. companymid. gif, Dobl, 8143, Gewerbeparkstraße 17, sameAs: ivii. eu
Data Engineer (mw), Data Engineer (mw).  Here I have the opportunity to work with a broad technological spectrum in the challenging banking environment, and personal customer contact is not neglected.  Roman Developer. To strengthen our team in Vienna, we are looking for a (n). Data Engineer (mw). with ownership thoughts for the products served by the team. What is your contribution to the team? Duxe2x80xa6gestgestestst together with a team, the complex data landscape of our customers. Feel really responsible for your products and are for our customers DERDIE competent contact person with handshake quality. Supported in projects with your experience and bring your ideas actively ein.entwickelst solutions that are economical for your customers Creating added value. Thinking independently, designing and setting priorities with healthy self-confidence. What do you bring with you? Duxe2x80xa6 wants to work with us to build a new product ladder within a team. Appreciates an intense and long-term cooperation with your customers and can win them for your solutions. Find numbers and data sexy you feel attracted by large amounts of data. At least about basic knowledge in BI, Big Data and Analytics.has an analytical eye for data (in our case from the area of ​​compliance). Is creative, solution-oriented and never tired of questioning and optimizing existing ones. Like working with the core technologies we currently favor, such as PostgreSQL , Python, Ruby and Linux. What do we offer you? Duxe2x80xa6 work with the latest technologies. Get it with cutting-edge banking-related topics to do we make you fit. Find together with us the appropriate training and development opportunities, u. a. in the direction of Data Science. You benefit from our flexible flexitime model without AllIn agreement more freedom in your Freizeitgestaltung.r also likes to receive more than the minimum salary of 2. 393, 00 EUR, if you are experienced and qualified bist.Hast you feel the adventure IT for the Bank? Then get to know our employees in VideoInterview and apply with us.We look forward to your application !. Raiffeisen Software GmbH Mooslackengasse 23, 1190 Vienna Contact: Ms. Carmen Thaler, 0199366 2942. Apply now. , 20180326T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5264094, Banks, Finance, Insurance,, Raiffeisen Software GmbH, kcdn. atcompany39321521506logoraiffeisensoftwaregmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Goethestraße 80, sameAs: rsoftware. at
Experienced medical transcriptionist (mw) for renowned medical equipment, first address for specialists and executives. Experienced medical transcriptionist (mw) for renowned medical equipment. JobNo RKO55119The company. The HAPEKO HR Executive Consultants are the first contact persons for specialists and executives in Austria. The focus of the activity is the creation of connections between specialists and executives with a desire for professional change and suitable companies. HAPEKO has more than 15 branches in Austria and Germany. Our clientele, a well-known medical institution from the Salzkammergut, is looking for part-time support (32 hours). Do you already have some experience as a medical office assistant? Do you enjoy working on scientific texts? Would you like to work flexibly and achieve optimal WorkLifeBalance? Then the job is just right for you! We look forward to receiving your application, quoting the reference number RKO55119. For the execution of this responsible task with 32 hours a week a minimum salary of 23. 000 EUR gross per year is provided with the possibility of overpayment with appropriate experience and qualification. Your tasks. You create, edit and format documents and texts. They are the linchpin for all administrative and organizational tasks. You are responsible for billing. You are the competent contact person for customers. Your profile. You have completed secondary school education. You have experience in a similar task. Ideally, you know the medical terms and have basic knowledge of Latin. You have excellent knowledge in MSOffice, as well as knowledge of German spelling and grammar. Organizational talent, friendly demeanor and reliability are among your strengths. Your advantages. Responsible work in an appreciative working environment. Very pleasant atmosphere in an excellent location. Flexible working hours (28 to 32 hours per week). The location. Salzkammergut, Gmunden. Our contact. Please send your application to the HAPEKO Austria personnel consultant via our application form. You will also find further information at Personalberatung Österreich HAPEKO.Mehr Karriere: Eat hapeko. at., 20180409T00: 35: 200200, PARTTIME, Salzkammergut, Gmunden, Upper Austria, AT, 5264665, Personnel Service,, HAPEKO Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1112472573052logo. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, MaxOttPlatz 612a, sameAs: hapeko. at
Project Manager for Automotive Smart Power Switches (fm), Project Manager for Automotive Smart Power Switches (fm). At a glance. Do you want to be part of the development of next generation Smart Power Switches, making the car of the future smarter, safer and cleaner? You are ready to manage complex, international projects and dive deeply into technical topics of integrated circuits and power semiconductors? In our Automotive division we are looking for a dedicated leader who is responsible to develop marketleading products, serving major automotive customers worldwide.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 26678. Start. Jun 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Manage product development projects in the field of smartpower and mixedsignal integrated circuits for automotive applications. Plan, organize and control your project with full responsibility for all operational decisions to achieve project targets. Manage and control the entire project lifecycle and ensure handover to the sustaining function as main contact person for all questions regarding the project. Align with internal and external stakeholders, e. g. by conducting project reviews and milestone reports. Form and lead the project team and assign responsibilities within the project. Conduct a forwardlooking risk management and identify possible mitigation measures andor backup scenarios in close cooperation with your stakeholders. Profile. You have the passion to develop new and innovative ideas, remain aware of the big picture even in complex situations and take decisions despite uncertain circumstances. You are able to balance interests of various stakeholders and use the creative potential they offer.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A university degree in Electrical Engineering or similar technical background. At least 6 years of practical engineering experience, thereof 4 years in leading projects (preferably in the semiconductor industry). Experience in project management methods and processes, provided in project frameworks like IPMA C or PMP. Strong interpersonal and commination skills which enable you to motivate your team. Passion for innovation and quality is the foundation to drive your projects to a sustainable business success. Excellent English skills with German as a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.About VillachThe City of Villach is located in the center of Carinthia, Austrias southernmost province, in close proximity to the Italian and Slovenian border. Due to its particular geographic location and the outstanding natural beauty of the region, Villach and the whole province of Carinthia have for generations been popular holiday destinations for people from all over the world. Its unique landscape combines mountains and valleys, lakes and rivers, city and countryside. In addition to the favorable geographic location, living in Austria also has many social, healthcarerelated and economic perks. The countrys social and health care system is among the best in the world and for decades numerous international surveys have singled out Austria as a particularly safe and wealthy country with a high quality of life. Villach benefits from its status as a small town,  offering everyday living at affordable prices in an outstanding setting. So its no surprise that the city on the Drau is considered the home of worklife balance.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us:welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180326T08: 01: 130200, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5264673, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Digital Project Manager (wm), The Porsche Austria GmbH Co OG wholesaler for the brands Volkswagen, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, Audi, SEAT, xc5xa0KODA and Porsche offers you the opportunity to participate in the further success of our company as a leading automotive retailer. We are looking for our innovative department Digital Solutions, think tank of Porsche Austria a dedicated, motivated. Digital Project Manager (wm). Your tasks: Identification, coordination and implementation of digital business use cases: optimization and digitization of existing processes. Forcing new developments for existing and new business fields in the automotive trade. Sustainable valorisation of existing developments and tools. Development of new, innovative topics (connected car, vrar, blockchain, big data, chatbots, artificial intelligence). You bring along: Completed Bachelors or Masters degree in Business Administration or equivalent professional experience. Experience in project management. Quick orientation in complex structures and networked thinking. Commitment, teamwork, flexibility. Affinity for digitization and its trends. Very good IT knowledge. Outofthebox thinking. Belief and team spirit. We offer: An exciting and responsible job in a diverse organization ?. The development opportunities of an established group as well as individual development plans in order to develop qualifications and make a career. A great deal of personal responsibility with freedom for initiative? A pleasant working atmosphere as well as a motivated and efficient team. Of course you can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement, which results from your individual qualification and position relevant professional experience according to the classification (annual gross salary starting from EUR 37. 800,). If you also value an interesting, challenging work environment, we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. , 20180326T09: 13: 160200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5264734, trade, canteen, health measures, employee benefits, Porsche Austria GesmbH Co OG, kcdn. atcompany14426343224logoporscheaustriagesmbhcoog. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5021, LouisePixc3xabchStreet 2, sameAs: porsche. co. at
Program Director Bio Data Science Master, FH Wiener Neustadt is one of Austrias top technical colleges. It currently offers around 3,600 places in the Faculties of Economics, Technology, Health, Safety and Sport at the four locations Wiener Neustadt, Wieselburg, Tulln and Rudolfinerhaus Wien. The courses offered by the University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt and its locations currently include 33 Bachelors and Masters degree programs in German and English, which are offered on an extra-occupational or full-time basis. More than 350 employeesemployees and 1,300offers are responsible for the high practical relevance of the training and a modern and efficient apprenticeship. For further reinforcement at the location in Tulln, we are looking for one as soon as possible. Program Director Bio Data Science Master (full time, 40h Tulln). More and more powerful life science analyzers provide tremendous amounts of high-quality data. The holistic acquisition of living systems with their complex biochemical and molecular-biological processes and structures requires a complex processing, presentation and analysis of measurement data, which poses a major challenge for researchers and companies. Your area of ​​responsibility. Organization of teaching and testing as well as quality assurance. Support in the further development of the curriculum. Own teaching and supervision of scientific papers in their own field of competence. Autonomous presentation of the study program and responsibility for the utilization of the study program. Advice for students and speakers. Network maintenance and construction in the degree program and associated higher education sector. Own research activity and guidance of teams in the research process in their own field of competence. We expect from you. Completed, relevant technical or scientific doctoral studies (focus bioinformatics desirable). Knowledge of the Austrian higher education sector from professional practice. Proven experience in university teaching. Experience in the supervision of scientific work. Network in the higher education sector and in the specialization areas of the study program (industry partner in the biotechnology sector). Own research experience and experience in third-party funding. Didactic aptitude and pedagogical skills as well as a high affinity to new didactic teaching methods. Reliability, flexibility, personal responsibility, team spirit and punctuality. Confident appearance with strong communication skills. We offer a demanding, diverse and future-oriented area of ​​responsibility in a future-oriented and growing company: committed teams, further training opportunities, flexible working hours and a high level of autonomy form part of the attractive framework conditions. The monthly gross salary (40h) amounts to at least EUR 4.00, 00 if the criteria are met. An overpayment is possible if qualified. We look forward to receiving your application !. Please send your meaningful application (CV, letter of motivation, certificates, list of publications if available) to: Dipl. Soz. Wiss. Alexander Darantik, HR Manager jobs @ fhwn. ac. at. As an audited company and signatory to the xe2x80x9eCharta of Diversity  the University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt visibly maintains a family-oriented organizational culture through xe2x80x9 family-conscious leadership, xe2x80x9eDual Career Service and the xe2x80x9eService for families. , 20180326T11: 15: 000200, FULLTIME, Tulln, Lower Austria, AT, 5264825, Education, Health Measures, Training, Flexible Hours, University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt GmbH, kcdn. atcompany142673277494fhwn. companymid. gif, Wiener Neustadt, 2700, JohannesGutenbergStr. 3, sameAs: fhwn. ac. at
Assistant to the Management (wm) Part time (20h week), are you looking for new challenges? 7LYTIX is your chance. Assistant to the Management (wm) Part time (20h week). 7LYTIX is a dynamic, innovative and internationally oriented startup in Linz, which operates in the field of data science. As proven experts in predictive analytics applications, we are a strong partner when it comes to using Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Mining and Predictive Modeling. Your responsibilities: Classic secretarial tasks such as correspondence, meeting organization, administration of Document Contracting, filing, hosting of guests, coordination of appointments etc. Independent execution of project and team supporting activities, eg preparation and correction of documents, documentation, research, presentations etc.Travel and event bookings and handling of travel expenses. General invoice management (creation and dispatch of outgoing invoices, control of incoming invoices), processing of payment transactions. Simple data analyzes and evaluations in MS Excel. Preparation of monthly accounting, control of finances, correspondence with tax consultants. Your profile: Completed sales. Training (eg HAKMatura). 2 years of professional experience in a similar position, ideally in a service company. Textsicherheit, eloquence and very good spelling skills, as well as a safe, sympathetic appearance. Good MSOffice knowledge, especially PowerPoint, Excel and Word. Perfect German in word and writing. English required. Our offer: Versatile activity in an innovative industry and in a dynamically growing and internationally oriented startup. Team-oriented working environment, flat hierarchies and short decision-making paths. A detailed training of your predecessor. Salary according to KV (willingness to overpay according to professional experience). Very kid friendly, flexible time management. If you have experience in designing marketing materials, you can also work full-time. I am pleased about your electronic application: jobs @ 7lytix. com Dr. techn. Mag Oliver Gebauer, Managing Partner. , 20180326T12: 01: 000200, PARTTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5264877, Internet, IT, Telecom,, 7lytix gmbh, kcdn. atcompany1100643173098logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, at Winterhafen 11, sameAs: 7lytix. com
QA Expert Mobile Products (mf), Emarsys is a fast growing global technology company who values innovation. Born in 2000, we provide a cloudbased software as a service (SaaS) to over 2, 000 leading marketing organizations in over 140 countries focused on scaling truly personalized customer interactions regardless of channel (email, web, mobile, social). Emarsys continues to be the partner of choice for marketers because our 600 team members in 15 offices are focused on engineering innovation into our platform, solving marketing challenges for our customers as a true partner, and helping one another succeed. If you are looking for a rewarding opportunity with a company that values professionalism, has a global footprint, is fastpaced, and fun, we challenge you to invest your most important asset your time with us.QA Expert Mobile Products (mf). At Emarsys we e working on revolutionising how businesses are communicating with their users by enabling truly personal interactions for billions of people. This means sending only relevant messages to the right guys at the right time with our crosschannel messaging products instead of the bulk marketing you get from brands around the world today. We accomplish this by utilizing AIdriven automation solutions which are based on big data insights and made available via an easytouse marketing platform. Now that is where you come in. We are looking for a passionate, QA Expert who helps us to turn this vision into reality with a special focus on our mobile products.YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITIES. Analysing business requirements and technical specifications to plan the corresponding testing strategies. Designing, implementing and maintaining automated functional test cases for mobile apps, web interfaces and backend components APIs. Ensuring the scalability of the product by creating and running performance test scenarios in order to key performance indicators for clientfacing service level agreements. Collaborating closely with the product development teams by following an agile methodology. Supporting the Head of QA in managing the testing team. YOUR PROFILE. Youve got at least five years experience in the software testing area including handson practice; designing, implementing and executing manual test plans is your bread and butter; ideally with experience on test management tools such as HP ALM or TestRail. You e an expert in automating testing processes and able to integrate them with the continuous delivery pipeline of the software; ideally you e familiar with our preferred tech stack including tools like HP UFT, Selenium, Ranorex and Jenkins. You e familiar with the mobile ecosystem either in terms of testing or ideally even in developing Android and iOS applications. You value teamwork, are able to communicate proactively and your excellent English enables you to collaborate with clients or colleagues around the globe. You e able to manage both Windows and LinuxUnix testing environments as well as to query SQL databases in order to act independently in the testing process. A valid working permit for Austria is a plus. WHAT WE OFFER. Enjoy a pragmatic approach to small, independent crossfunctional product development teams. A place where you can continuously improve yourself by working with highly talented and easygoing colleagues from over a dozen nations. A nice office in the city centre of Vienna one of the most liveable cities in the world. Recognition for your commitment and passionate work. Additional benefits such as sports, team and company events as well as various healthcare activities, etc. An annual gross salary starting from EUR 39. 000, with a clear possibility for overpayment according to your professional qualification and experience. If you want to make a real difference in shaping the quality and user experience of our products then please contact Elena Antonova (Talent Acquisition Partner) in case you want to hear more!. Apply Now. For more information visit our homepage emarsys. com or contact us: 1150 Wien Märzstraße 1 Tel. : 43 (0)1 478 20 800. , 20180326T13: 20: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5264950, Internet, IT, Telekom, , emarsys eMarketing Systems AG, kcdn. atcompany160251491339logoemarsysemarketingsystemsag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1150, Märzstr. 1, sameAs: emarsys. com
Junior Controller, The KnowCenter is the Austrian Research Center for Datadriven Business and Big Data Analytics. Embedded in a network of more than 50 partner companies and more than 100 international research institutes, over 100 highly qualified employees conduct research at our location in Graz under the motto xe2x80x9from data to intelligence  on innovative solutions and intelligent services for our customers. n) committed (n). JUNIOR CONTROLLER (38, 5 hW) in Graz. Responsible for the functioning of company process management in projects, d. H. Creation of projects, maintenance of project parameters, working project reporting and finance reporting. Task. Interface between Controlling, Accounting, Areas. Project recording via workflow project application. Maintenance and maintenance of project master data. Maintenance and care of statistics. Cooperation in project controlling, preparation of commercial project reports. Required technical knowledge: Completed commercial training. German and English knowledge. Relevant work experience of advantage. Required personal knowledge: High personal initiative and willingness to take responsibility. Performance orientation and high resilience. Cost consciousness. Analytical and networked thinking. Communication skills. Independent appearance and solution competence. We offer. Young, dynamic, multicultural and creative team. Pleasant, informal, stimulating working atmosphere. Possibilities for professional and personal development. Flexible working hours and optimum scope for personal work-life balance. The minimum salary after collective classification is EUR 2, 273 (14 times a year) for a full-time job (38, 5 hW). Depending on your experience and any additional qualifications, overpayment is possible. We look forward to receiving your application, please send it as an email enclosing relevant documents to career @ knowcenter. at.KNOWCENTER GMBH. RESEARCH CENTER FOR DATADRIVEN BUSINESS AND BIG DATA ANALYTICS Inffeldgasse 136, A 8010 Graz. Know center. For job posting on our website:, 20180411T09: 05: 000200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5264974, Science, Research, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Awards, KNOWCENTER GmbH Research Center for Data Driven Business Big Data Analytics, kcdn , atcompany439261572264logokompetenzzentrumfrwissensbasierteanwendungenusystemeforschungs. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Inffeldgasse 136, sameAs: knowcenter. TUGraz. at
Concept and Application Engineer (fm), Concept and Application Engineer (fm). At a glance. You put the customer at the heart of your thoughts and actions internally and externally? You enjoy being innovative and would like to actively form the next generation of our Automotive power products? In this role you will be fully involved in the development phase of reuse blocks and modules for various semiconductor solutions for the Automotive industry. Become part of a successful team on the leading edge of industrial technology!. Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 26779. Start. May 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job sharing. Yes, possible. Job description. In your new role you will:Have firsthand responsibility for the feasibility of new concepts, ideas and reuse modules. Contribute to the definition and implementation of new reuse blocks in close cooperation with our system, concept, design and verification engineers. Create and maintain specification documents. Closely cooperate crossfunctional with concept, application and design engineers as well as product development teams to plan reuse roadmaps and to provide product to system solutions. With this position you will be entering our xe2x80x9etechnical ladder: our career path for experts. You will be able to focus deeply on technology, while further pursuing your career. As you continually expand your expert knowledge, puzzle over matters and solve problems, you will position yourself as a thought leader thus helping our products improve our world a bit more each day.Profile. You listen actively to the customers and consider their point of view, thoughts and ideas in order to balance the customers requirements and the interests of Infineon. You challenge the status quo and courageously explore new paths by thinking and acting in a cooperative way. You accept and make use of diversity in the team and are able to translate given tasks into suitable solutions. Furthermore, you look for new approaches using alternative technologies and like to explore new ideas and set the direction in your fields of expertise.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A university degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Telecommunications, or comparable. At least 6 years of experience in analog mixedsignal design with focus on product development and module specifications. Experience in requirement engineering. Fluent German and English communication skills to master the need for alignments across internal and external contacts. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.About Villach. The City of Villach is located in the center of Carinthia, Austrias southernmost province, in close proximity to the Italian and Slovenian border. Due to its particular geographic location and the outstanding natural beauty of the region, Villach and the whole province of Carinthia have for generations been popular holiday destinations for people from all over the world. Its unique landscape combines mountains and valleys, lakes and rivers, city and countryside. In addition to the favorable geographic location, living in Austria also has many social, healthcarerelated and economic perks. The countrys social and health care system is among the best in the world and for decades numerous international surveys have singled out Austria as a particularly safe and wealthy country with a high quality of life. Villach benefits from its status as a small town,  offering everyday living at affordable prices in an outstanding setting. So its no surprise that the city on the Drau is considered the home of worklife balance.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us:welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180326T15: 47: 550200, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5265055, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Data Quality Manager (mw), Data Quality Manager (mw). Raiffeisen Bank Group Styria, headed by RaiffeisenLandesbank Steiermark AG, is the number one provider of financial services in the south of Austria. Our newly established data privacy management team specializes in data governance, data and knowledge modeling, as well as optimizing data-relevant processes, and seeks to empower a dedicated team. Data Quality Manager (mw) Your tasks. Co-operation in the coordination of data production, technical data check, data corrections and derivations of further technical information. Collaboration in the definition, documentation and control of group-wide standards, guidelines, responsibilities and processes in data management. Support of the Data Protection Officer in the context of the implementation and ongoing compliance with the Data Protection Regulation. Participation in the implementation of company-wide data governance. Your profile. Completed education (University, FH) in the field of economics and / or computer science or corresponding well-founded vocational training. Ideally, experience in data science, data analysis or business analysis. Practical experience in dealing with quality management as well as in project and process management advantageous. Communicative personality with independent and analytical way of working as well as distinctive hands-on mentality. We offer. A diverse job at the leading Austrian regional bank in Styria. Extensive training and development opportunities in a family-friendly large business. Attractive market-oriented basic salaries with performance-oriented variable components as well as a wide range of additional benefits. We look forward to your meaningful application and secure your confidential processing. RaiffeisenLandesbank Steiermark AG. Personnel management. With an appropriate qualification, we offer an annual gross salary of EUR 40,000 for this position. Overpayment with appropriate experience, competence and function possible. APPLY NOW. , 20180326T15: 57: 490200, FULLTIME, Styria, Styria, AT, 5265089, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, RaiffeisenLandesbank Steiermark, kcdn. atcompany3928296624logoraiffeisenlandesbanksteiermark. companymid. jpg, Graz, 8010, Kaiserfeldgasse 57, sameAs: rlbstmk. at
Country Retail Risk Manager Segment Private Individuals (fm), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Country Retail Risk Manager Segment Private Individuals (fm). We are looking for an experienced and motivated Country Retail Risk Manager who manages the credit life cycle of the segment Private Individuals (PI) in selected Networks Bank.Private individual (PI) Risk Management is responsible for the management and governance of PI Credit Portfolios from inception till repayment in line with the Groups risk taking capacity and profitability targets. PI Risk Management is responsible for supervision and implementation of relevant segment standards in application processing underwriting, fraud prevention, analytics portfolio management, customer relationship management and collectionsworkout in Network Banks (NWBs) practice. PI Risk Management is the first contact for all NWBs with regard to PI risk management related issues and activities.What you can expect:Involvement in the development of the retail credit risk culture by identifying current and potential problems regarding the assessment of credit risk and key operational aspects of PI credit exposures. Supporting the NWBs in product developmentmanagement, underwriting, portfolio management and collectionsworkout activities. Supporting the NWBs to increase digitalisation and automatization of risk approvalunderwriting processes. Assistance to the NWBs to develop their local credit strategies, policies and procedures in line with RBIGroup wide standards. Active management of the PI lending portfolios in a selected NWB by analysing, tracking, monitoring budgetportfolio level triggers. Evaluation of the compliance of PI credit policy papers to ensure that NWBs conform to sound, safe and conservative risk management practices. Regular onsite visits to the Network Banks. Active participation in Groupregionalwide credit risk related projects. Best practice knowhow sharing related to credit strategies, policies and procedures. Supporting activities of RBI Risk Community development. What you bring to the table:Minimum five (5) years of experience in riskportfolio management, focusing on the retail private individual segments (multiple products) in a financial services setting?. Risk conscious thinking in terms of general business management, beyond the specific credit risk focus,Ability to manage across multiple functional areas (e. g. product management, underwriting, ratingscoring, collectionsworkout) as well the ability to influence others at all levels of the bank?. Strong analytical and technical skills; experience in data mining and portfolio analysis is preferred?. Past exposure to multimarket, multicultural environment is preferred?. Proven history of using good planning and process management skills?. Willing to travel extensively from a Vienna base to all countries in the RBI network (SEE, CEE, CIS). Business level command of English. Knowledge of a CEE language would be an asset.What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at EUR 60. 000, gross p. a. including overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability.We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180326T16: 02: 540200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5265103, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Procurement Engineer (mf), Procurement Engineer mf. Job Description. In this role you are offered an attractive balance of strategic thinking and handson activity in a dynamic international business environment. You secure early supplier involvement, innovation and strategic cost reduction and are the trusted advisor for procurement related topics to ID, Quality, Finance and Marketing. You are responsible for:Representing procurement in product creation projects. First time right; improve the design decision making by collecting and presenting necessary data to relevant stakeholders. Developing procurement landscapes and technologyproduct roadmaps that support the business needs together with other functions. Supporting cost roadmaps as well as short term and long term product cost reduction improvement. Identifying opportunities in the new product design process through target costing, and managing cost drivers and data sources to improve the design decision making. Supporting price negotiations with factbased information and opportunities to drive short andor long term product cost reduction improvement. Supporting the deployment of early supplier involvement through target costing and tracking for assigned product. Organizing early supplier involvement with a Design for eXcellence (DfX) mindset and making use of approaches like designin or costreduction workshops together with a team of experts.Preparing request for quotations, contracts to document specs and agreements with suppliers.Ensuring procurement related risks (cost, quality and availability) are controlled and mitigated, by bringing the relevant procurement colleagues to the equation.Driving Make or Buy decisions for new products.Leading supplier selection and allocation and ensure adherence to the Business Procurement strategy. You will be part of the global Kitchen Appliances team that focuses on Airfryers, one of the most successful businesses in Kitchen Appliances. You will be working in a network of various stakeholders with global representation. The Innovation Center is located in Klagenfurt and focusing on creating to deliver innovation that matters.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience:UniversityTUFH qualification in an engineering domain (e. g. mechanical engineering, material science, electrical engineering). Professional engineering and manufacturing knowledge. Professional with a 510 years proven track record. Experience in managing cross functional cost down programs and in Value Engineering.Expert in contributing to new product introduction projects. Knowledge leader regarding costing toolset (Should Costing, NPV, TCO) in projects.A team player who is both proactive and cooperative; easily gains trust and support of peers; encourages collaboration and challenges constructively. Strategical thinking as well as being hands on. Delivering results.Understanding and being able to challenge blue prints and specifications. Experience in international and multidisciplinary project teams is preferred. Prepared to travel up to 10% of the time. Most important you breath ambition and have a can do mindset. In return, we offer you attractive career opportunities in an international organization as well as various social benefits. You will be part of a passionate team and contribute to deliver innovation that matters.The minimum yearly salary is equal to EUR 63. 392. gross with willingness to overpay. The actual annual income is commensurate with the market, your qualifications, and experience.Working at Philips is more than a job. Its a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways.To find out more about what its like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.Contact. If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips. com. (Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered. ). Apply here. , 20180327T07: 42: 280200, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5265420, Elektronik, Automatisation, , Philips Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany39401565850logophilipsaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1120, Euro Plaza, Kranichberggasse 4, sameAs: philips. at
IT Organizer Business Intelligence, NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. Together with your colleagues, you act as an interface between our customers and our developers. With you as a member of our 350-person IT team, we are able to offer tailor-made IT solutions for all our corporate divisions in Germany and abroad. QUALIFICATIONS WE REBEL. Completed business education (business informatics, business administration, etc.) and high IT affinity. Knowledge in the analysis of data as well as in the graphical preparation of reports. Ideally already experience in the fields of CRM, BigData and DWH. Knowledge of BusinessObjects and SQL desirable. Goal-oriented thinking and performance-oriented action. Independent, structured and accurate way of working. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Execution and management of national and international projects in the BI sector. Conception and development of company-wide BI and big data solutions. Independent analysis of business requirements. Co-design of the DWH architecture and the underlying data model. Development, maintenance and optimization of reporting in the CRM area. Direct contact person for our national and international trading companies (BILLA, MERKUR, PENNY, BIPA and ADEG). Intensive care and advice for users (eg with ad hoc analyzes). Quality assurance and documentation. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Food supplement for a cheap, healthy break. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. An annual gross salary starting from EUR 40,000, based on full-time readiness to overpay with appropriate experience and qualifications, as well as attractive premiums for special commitment. WE LOOK FOR IT ORGANIZER BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE. LOCATION: 1120 VIENNA. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180405T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5265581, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Head of Business Intelligence (BI) mf, You are fond of data and would like to be part of an outstanding team with high aspiration? You are also excited about ongoing challenges in different fields like Marketing, Product Management and Finance? You have all the required qualifications and are interested in digital marketing andor capital markets? Then, we would be happy to meet you! wikifolio. com is a dynamic FinTech based in Vienna. The team behind this innovative investor platform has set itself the goal of establishing social trading as a preferred alternative for European retail investors. Become part of the Investor Revolution as well!. Head of Business Intelligence (BI) mf. Your tasks. Responsible for all analysis services and establishment of a data driven culture. Manage corporate KPI system. Ensure data best practices from business and technical perspective. Help marketing, product and finance team with their data needs. Guide management team (CMO, CEO). Deliver adhoc analysis via SQL, PowerBI, R. Implement or manage implementation of ongoing reports or data applications. Consult product management when designing data driven features. Your qualifications. High interest and skills in creating actionable knowledge out of data. Used to relevant data science concepts. Very experienced in relational databases (SQL) and BI tools. Knowledge in statistics and software (e. g. R), including programming skills. 5 years of experience including reporting, modelling in different fields, preferential with B2Cfocus (e. g. retail). Extraordinary analytical skills. Team player and good communicator. Solutionsoriented able to use data as a tool to inform business decisions. You can expect an exciting field of activity in a young, dynamic and emphatically cooperative team, with a lot of data to play around. You have the opportunity, to work with stateoftheart technologies and benefit from team spirit beyond work (social events). Due to the dynamic company and business development, your area of responsibility is very varied in the long term, combined with exciting options for competence and career development, competitive salary and potential stock option plan. The annual gross salary is EUR 60. 000. with the possibility of additional payment according to skills and experience.RMI Managementberatung GmbH, Berggasse 77, A1090 Vienna 43 (0) 1 890 70 49, consulting@rmipartners. com, rmipartners. com. partners for leadership excellence. , 20180327T11: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5265650, Personaldienstleistung, , RMI Managementberatung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany16310297094logormipersonalberatunggmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1090, Berggasse 77, sameAs: rmipartners. com
Data Specialist (mw), We are a StartUp development company based in Graz, which deals with an innovative application that allows non-invasive ovulation prognosis. Interdisciplinary research and innovation form the basis of our success. To support our team, we are looking for an accomplished. Data Specialist (mw). for our location in Graz. We offer: A dedicated, dynamic team. Exciting innovative research and development projects. A value-oriented work environment that encourages collegial cooperation while leaving plenty of room for active participation and personal responsibility. A good working atmosphere with flexible working hours and a workplace with the best infrastructure in the ZWT Graz. Product development for a dynamically growing market with good future prospects. For this position, a collective agreement minimum wage of 2.674, 96 grossMonat (14x) applies. We also offer a market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and experience. Your tasks: Conceptual design, development and documentation of algorithms for the measurement value calculation as well as for the applications based on the measurement results. Error analysis of function patterns, prototypes and series devices. Conception, supervision and evaluation of internal and external measurement series and studies. Development of know-how in the medical fields relevant for the developed applications. Independent construction of BigData applications and machine learning models. Cooperation regarding compliance with regulatory requirements of the development process and the developed products. Your profile: In-depth training in computer science, physics, mathematics, software development or similar fields. Experience and know-how in the field of data management and the analysis and analysis of data. Professional experience in the development of efficient and robust algorithms. Experienced in dealing with databases, MatlabPython, SQL, MSOffice programs. Your personality is characterized by team spirit, creativity, independence, reliability and assertiveness, as well as quick comprehension and analytical thinking. Good German and English in spoken and written. Experience in the development of medicine or lifestyle products is an advantage. Through your efforts, you will strengthen our team in the introduction of an innovative lifestyle product. We hope to have aroused your interest in working with our young company with good development opportunities and look forward to your email with application documents. Carbomed Medical Solutions Dipl. Ing. Vibor Margeta Neue Stiftingtalstraße 25. OG A8010 Graz vibor. Margeta @ carbomedms. com Tel. 43 (0) 316 349 952 12, 20180327T13: 28: 530200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5265743, Health Care, Social, Carbomed Medical Solutions Co KG, kcdn. atcompany1131883174290carbomedlogofinalcropped. template. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Neue Stiftingtalstraße 25, sameAs:
SAP BI Consultant Consultant (mw) In-house position, About us. As a premium provider in the SAP personnel consulting segment, duerenhoff supports you in your search for your new SAPJob.SAP BI Consultant Consultant (mw) In-house position in the Graz area. Styria. 16752. Full time. Immediately. Apply now. We are happy to show you the direct route to our renowned client based in the Graz area. As a global player with historically rooted values, our client, a technology company, remains one of the most attractive regional employers. The corporate philosophy is based on the free development of the consultant personality against the background of a state-of-the-art SAP system landscape. To further expand the dynamic SAP team, our client is looking for you as SAP BI Consultant (mw). The annual gross salary is a minimum of EUR 56,000. Depending on qualifications and professional experience, overpayment is foreseen. Your perspective: Promotion of your personal and professional development by means of a comprehensive further education offer. Working with the latest SAP tools in a modern work environment. Short decision paths and flat hierarchies across all company levels. Your task: Support and further development of the existing SAP BW landscape as well as the related reporting tools. Planning and realization of complex SAP BW projects, implementations and rollouts as well as data quality assurance as well as harmonization and integration of data with heterogeneous structures. Analysis, conception and execution of the reporting (data extraction, data modeling, transformation) as well as the implementation of ETL processes. Further development of the SAP BW solution as well as analyzes regarding the future IT orientation, including the latest SAP technologies (cloud, HANA, etc.). Your qualification: Professional experience in SAP BW consulting, ideally with know-how in the national and international SAP project environment. Very good knowledge in data extraction, data modeling and data staging as well as experience in the design of planning and reporting systems. Strong interest in new technologies such as big data, analytics, HANA as well as the willingness to continuously develop in these areas. Communication skills and teamwork in connection with planning and organizational skills. Are we talking about you? Then talk to us. Apply now. Talk to us: 0662 2324444. katharina. Bangert @ duerenhoff. at. Your contact person. Katharina Bangert. Your data. Your data and information are always kept strictly confidential. , 20180327T12: 41: 130200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5265749, Personnel Services,, duerenhoff GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1056352998063unbenannt3. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70565, Liebknechtstrasse 33, sameAs: duerenhoff. de
Risk Manager (male female), The department of Risk Management at Interenergo, located in Ljubljana, is looking for a new team member for the position. RISK MANAGER. (male female). Why?. Electrical Energy is the Fuel of the Future. A growing level of environmental awareness and an emphasis on renewable energy; New technologies, use of blockchain, electric cars etc. ; electrical energy will play a major role in the above described future. Risk Management as an Integral Component of our Organizational Culture. In the energy sector, change is the only constant. Changes are inevitable and we believe that the most successful companies are those that can see which way the wind is blowing and respond fastest. Risk management is embedded in the way our company operates. Stimulating International Work Environment. A part of risk management team is located at Interenergo (Ljubljana), and a part at Kelag (Klagenfurt). Risk management team strongly cooperates with other departments (power trading, controlling etc. ). In our teams we facilitate diversity, cooperation and sharing of knowhow (peertopeer learning and mentorship).Who?. We are searching for an open minded person with a strong willingness to acquire new skills and high affinity towards information technology and data science.Requirements:University degree in Mathematics, business informatics, economics or other relevant field (quantitative focus);. At least 3 years of experience in risk management;. Valid driving license.Crucial skills to success in this role:Excellent MS Office skills;. Excellent English language skills;. German orand Slovenian language skills;. High analytical capability and a precise style of working.The candidates contribution to the team:Support our team in all risk management processes (identification, analysis, modelling, controlling and reporting);. Develop risk measures and models;. Optimize existing risk processes;. Daily report and collaborate with trading department;. Generate analyses, reports and presentations in the context of risk controlling.Should you wish to apply, please send us your CV in English by 18 April 2018 on the following email: tina. zakrajsek@hrmstoritve. si.What its like to work at Interenergo?. TEAMWORK: Each of us is important and together we are one step ahead.GOAL ORIENTATION: We believe that with a clear vision, objectives and perseverance anything is possible.RESPONSIBILITY: We take responsibility for our own results, as well as results of our colleagues and the overall company.GROWTH and DEVELOPMENT: Continuous investment in our knowledge reflects in high quality and professional services.We are obliged by law to quote the minimum salary of EUR 2. 000 gross per month. An overpayment is possible depending on qualification and professional experience. Interenergo, d. o. o. is a member of the Austrian energy company KELAG and an international energy group RWE (one of the leading energy companies in Europe). One of the main activities of the company is power trading. , 20180328T10: 14: 000200, FULLTIME, Ljubljana, 5265950, Energiewirtschaft, Umwelt, , Interenergo d. o. o. , , Ljubljana, 1000, Tivolska cesta 48, sameAs:
Data analyst financial area, data analyst finance area (full time). It is the people who make the difference at voestalpine. People who manufacture, process and develop high-quality steel products all over the world in specialized and flexible companies. People who make the challenges of our customers their own. People with the drive always find an even better solution. Its people like you who take voestalpine one step ahead. Thats us. The Finance and Controlling department of voestalpine Stahl GmbH is responsible for the corporate finance as well as the internal and external company accounts (planning, management, control and legal accounting) and thus provides the figures for the strategic and operational management of the company. More information about our company can be found at: voestalpine. comstahl. Your tasks. Optimization and further development of our BI and reporting landscape. Forcing the use of SelfServiceBITools (eg Qlik, SAP Cloud for Analytics, xe2x80xa6) as well as classic BITools (eg BO Analysis). Modeling, integration and consolidation of data from the operational systems for analysis in the BISystem. Creation of data analyzes and forecasts as well as the preparation of decision aids with the help of predictive analytics tools. Translation of business requirements into innovative data analysis initiatives. Joy and commitment to creative, complex data analysis and modeling. Interface function to other departments such as IT, sales, logistics, purchasing in relation to reporting requirements. Participation in area projects. Your profile. HTL or HAKAbschluss with a focus on Business Informatics or a degree in Business Informatics, Computer Science or Economics with relevant specialization. Professional experience in ControllingIT is desirable but not required. Willingness and interest to gain programming knowledge will benefit first programming experience (SQL, HTML, R, Python, xe2x80xa6). Basic knowledge of databases or data warehouses. Experience in data analysis and data visualization. Strong understanding of data-driven business processes. Good MSOffice knowledge especially Excel. Independent work, teamwork and reliability. Solution-oriented work and Handson mentality. We offer that. Remuneration: The collective agreement minimum salary for this job is EUR 2.487, 61 gross (14 times pa) for a completed school leaving certificate, EUR 3. 259, 67 gross (14 times pa) for the completion of a university or university of applied sciences depending on the qualification or professional experience. Admission: immediately. More information about our application process can be found on the first page of our application form and in the area xe2x80x9eFAQs for application. If you have aroused your interest, please use our online application form. With our CVParsingTool your application is now even faster. We look forward to receiving your application !. voestalpine One step ahead. Completion deadline 27. 04. 2018. Contact. voestalpine Steel GmbH Linz. Recruiter: Mr. Harald Berger 4350304158802. Department: Mr. Achim Peter Kratschmayr. 43 50304 156689. Instagram Pinterest Blog YouTube Twitter Facebook. , 20180327T16: 42: 180200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5266074, Industry, Production,, voestalpine AG, kcdn. atcompany28453138341logos. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, voestalpineStraße 1, sameAs: voestalpine. com
Data Scientist (mw), Data Scientist (mw) #Property of Ownership #Free Design Spaces #Changing Development 4. 0, Lower Austria. Identification number: NÖ8562018. Our customer is a globally active industrial group and has been setting the benchmark for innovation, progress and quality for decades. To strengthen the highly motivated team north of Vienna, we are looking for a motivated Data Scientist (mw) at the earliest possible date. Your area of ​​responsibility: Get to know an innovative, future-oriented company, which attaches great importance to personal responsibility and free scope of design. Complete the international, dynamic and innovative team of our customers specialists and contribute to supporting end customers in their production by developing data-driven processes and maintenance models. In detail this means: Development of targeted solutions in the industrial sector 4. 0. Development of new concepts for predictive maintenance in plants or mechanical engineering. Independent preparation and evaluation of data. Active cooperation with universities and research institutes. Your profile: University degree in mathematics, computer science, statistics or similar (PhD or research experience). Several years of experience in the analysis of data in plants and mechanical engineering. Very good knowledge and practical experience in supervised unsupervised learning techniques. Experience with both Windows and Linux environments. In-depth knowledge of database structures and models. Very good knowledge and practical experience in the multivariate analysis of time series. Good German and very good English spoken and written. Nice to have: Project Experience in Predictive Maintenance 4. 0. Development of Predictive Models. Experience with mechanical engineering data models. Your personal strengths: Structured, autonomous way of working. Open to innovative ideas and unconventional solutions. High operational readiness and resilience. Focus on results, hands on mentality and analytical skills. High team orientation and communication skills. Our customer offers: An independent area of ​​responsibility with autonomous creative freedom in the newly created innovation department (StartUp character). A secure position in a fast growing international corporation. High personal responsibility as well as quick assumption of responsibility. Excellent professional and personal education and training. Depending on qualifications and professional experience, a gross annual salary of up to EUR 60,000.00 plus a variable bonus is envisaged for this position. If you are interested in this challenging activity, we look forward to receiving your application documents from wien @ hrconsulting. at. Our consultant, Mrs. Pamela Weber, is always at your disposal for any questions you may have by phoning 43 664 736 05 685 or by email.Number: NÖ8562018Your contact person: Pamela Weber. vienna @ hrconsulting. at. 0043664736 05 685. Apply online. HR Consulting Alexander Wozak GmbH Human Resources and Management Consulting, Vienna Central, A1130 Vienna, Winzerstraße 68 43 1 87 71 3920, Fax: DW 5, office @ hrconsulting. at., 20180328T12: 49: 020200, FULLTIME, Lower Austria, Lower Austria, AT, 5266605, Personnel services, Fruit, Good connections, Employee events, HR Consulting Alexander Wozak GmbH, kcdn. atcompany167443219839awrot002. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1130, Winzerstrasse 68, sameAs: hrconsulting. at
Java Developer (mw) with potential passion, Our customer is a Europe-wide operating, strongly growing IT service provider with high innovative strength. In collaboration with modern open source partners, he designs the digitization of multinational corporations of all industries by developing individual Java software solutions around the topics of big data, modern enterprise portals, Artifical Intelligence and much more. For the location Vienna we are looking for the strong growth to earliest possible entry. Java Developer (mw) with potential passion Write the code of tomorrow !. Vienna center. Your challenge: Conception of Java software solutions in cooperation with customers from different industries (Health, Telecommunication, Automotive, NonProfit, etc.). Independent development of stateoftheart Java Enterprise applications in combination with modern open source partners. Support in implementations of innovative technologies incl. Process consulting. Participation in projects for the evaluation of new technologies with experienced colleagues. Your profile: Completed technical education (HTLUNIFH). First experience in programming with Java andor modern web technologies. Fluent English. High service and customer orientation paired with professional appearance. Traveling. Your chance: fast development path from development to team leadership to software architecture. Projects with modern questions Technologies on the pulse of the time. Paid training Certifications during working hours to the latest software technologies ?. Competent open colleagues who enjoy working together. Long-term full-time employment in an emerging company. Amendment to xc2xa79 (2) Equal Treatment Act: This item is endowed with a full-time market gross salary of between EUR 42. 000 and EUR 60. 000. The payment depends on the applicable collective agreement as well as on the qualification profile dependent overpayment. The last salary agreement in the employment contract will be made during a personal interview. Do you want to become part of an innovative, fast-growing career-looking team? We look forward to receiving your application documents! You will receive feedback within 1 week.UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH. Bernardgasse 2 Top 13. A1070 Vienna. unitis. at. UNITIS Because man is in the foreground. Your contact person at UNITIS Personalberatung. Melissa Wurzer. Senior HR Consultant. Professionals Executives. 431585370024. melissa. Wurzer @ unitis. at., 20180328T12: 57: 140200, FULLTIME, Wien Zentrum, 5266647, Personnel Services, Training, Flexible Hours, Home Office, UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2776296513logounitispersonalberatung. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1070, Bernardgasse 2 Top 13 (corner Zieglergasse), sameAs: unitis. at
Employee Digital production with XML knowledge Data analysis, LINDLPOWER Human resources management We create effective relationships and stand for joy, plain language and trust! Our customer is a leading specialist medium with high-quality products in the B2B area. In addition, this international group at the Vienna location offers a familiar environment with flat structures and dynamic individuals the opportunity to actively contribute to the companys success. To strengthen the team we are looking for one. Associate Digital Production with XML Knowledge Data Analysis. Your area of ​​responsibility: You take over the data analysis and quality assurance of XML data and coordinate the data conversion with internal departments and external Dienstleister.Auch the writing of conversion instructions for international service providers is one of your duties. The digital production of content in compliance with all service level agreements is also in her You analyze, document and optimize existing processes in terms of quality and their other possible uses. Not least, you work on cross-departmental projects. Our requirements: Your passion is XMLXSLT and your knowledge is correspondingly good. VBA skills are of advantage. Very good German and good English skills bring you as well as MSOffice knowledge in particular Word. Personally, you know as a team player with pleasure in analytical activities, which scores with his eye for detail. Not least, you can study HTLMatura andoder Our offer: You can expect a varied work in an innovation-oriented company. The cooperation in a well-rehearsed young team and a company in which appreciation and diversity are lived daily. Flexible working hours and a job in a central location in Vienna .This position is endowed with a gross monthly salary starting from EUR 2. 250, (base full time), whereby an adjustment is planned according to the qualification and experience.Inserat No. 0828012. If this offer is attractive for you, please apply here: LINDLPOWER Personalmanagement GmbH Mag (FH) Barbara Jare cki Goldschmiedgasse 6, 1010 Vienna Tel. 43 1 513 88 2230., 20180328T12: 57: 230200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5266652, Personnel Services,, LINDLPOWER Human Resources Management, kcdn. atcompany151879342logolindlpowerpersonalmanagement. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Goldschmiedgasse 6, sameAs: lindlpower. com
Information ManagerData Analyst (mw), Intrum is the world leader in credit management services with presence in 24 European countries. Intrum helps businesses improve cash flow and long-term viability, and care for their customers. As an integral part of the mission, Intrum helps consumers and businesses become debt-free. Intrum employs over 8,000 dedicated, empathic and professional colleagues who serve more than 100,000 businesses across Europe. In the twelve months to September 2017, the pro forma turnover amounted to € 1.262 billion. Intrum is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden. The Intrum share is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in Stockholm. To strengthen the team in our Austria headquarters in Vienna, we are looking for a committed. Information ManagerData Analyst (mw). Tasks: Local contact for local, regional and corporate data warehouses. responsible for local data in the different data warehouses. Contact for further development of interfaces and databases (creation of requirements and specifications, monitoring of implementation, testing). Contact for local implementation of business intelligence requirements, local applications and their front-end. Responsible for training local users of BI Tools. Migration of data from existing data warehouses to a new corporate data warehouse. local responsibility for data exchange projects between systems, data interfaces and data migration projects. Support in scoring and digitization projects. Coordination of initiatives with the region and the Group. Professional requirements: theoretical and practical knowledge of business administration (eg: study of business informatics). very good understanding of relational databases. Good MS Office knowledge, especially MS Excel. Experience with BI tools like QlikView, QlikSense, etc. desired. very good German and English skills (spoken and written). Experience in the financial services sector. SQL knowledge of advantage. Personal requirements: analytical thinking. structured and independent way of working. above-average problem-solving orientation. Good communication skills. Do you want to be an integral part of our successful future? A gross annual income of EUR 36,000 (overpayment possible, depending on professional experience) as well as an attractive premium model and a motivating environment in an expanding, innovative and internationally oriented company await you. We are also happy to contact newcomers to the job market. Please send your detailed application documents to: Intrum Justitia GmbH z. Mag. (FH) Katrin Schachenhofer Danube City Straße 6 A1220 Wien Web: intrum. at., 20180328T14: 06: 220200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5266715, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, Intrum Justitia GmbH, kcdn. atcompany15938297043logointrumjustitiagmbh. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1220, DonauCityStr. 6, sameAs: intrum. at
Data Analyst Operations (mw), DHL Paket is looking for the headquarters in 1230 Vienna one. Data Analyst Operations (mw). YOU KNOW MANY AND WANT TO MOVE? WE HAVE THE PLAY ROOMS FOR DESIGNERS. Welcome to the Post eCommerce Parcel (PeP) division of Deutsche Post DHL Group. We are the post office for Germany, parcel service provider for Europe and worldwide logistics service provider for the online trade. People at PeP have special passions: we think positively, find solutions, shape change and take responsibility. Letters and packages connect people and improve their lives. PeP is growing with new tasks for positive thinking packers. This is your chance !. Responsibility. In this role, you are responsible for the ongoing evaluation and analysis of the operating data and their communication to the operating divisions sorting, transport and delivery. Tasks. Ongoing evaluation, analysis and communication of quality indicators. Sorting data. Hand scanner data. Notification quota. Duration calculation. Complaints reporting. Recognizing process faults based on the key figures and daily coordination in the team. Establishment, introduction and monitoring of measures controlling with regard to sustainability. Conducting on-site inspections. Close cooperation and coordination with all operating departments. Requirements. Completed study or cf. Training in logistics industrial engineering. Very secure handling of MSOffice, especially Excel Accsess, basics VBA. Business knowledge in the CEP area or the willingness to acquire them in the short term. Quality and safety awareness. Flexibility, coordination and teamwork. High communication skills and social skills. Driving license class B. Willingness to travel (15% national). This item is subject to the collective agreement for freight forwarding employees and is divided into the BI group with a minimum salary of EUR 2 053 30 gross month. Depending on the qualifications and professional experience, an overpayment is offered in line with the market. Do you find yourself in this profile again? Then send your application to staff with reference number DA 0203. package. @ at DHL. com. CONNECTING PEOPLE. IMPROVING LIVES. , 20180328T16: 37: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5266939, Logistics, Transportation, Employee Events, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, DHL Paket (Austria) GmbH, kcdn. atcompany813981515897logodhlpaketaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1230, Brunner Strasse 65, sameAs: dhl. at
Junior Python Developer (mw), NewsTech (newstech.ai) is developing a technology that aims to capture the global wealth and diversity of information. The team of journalists, machine learning and data mining experts as well as successful xe2x80x9eSerial Entrepreneurs  works from Vienna and Berlin and after just a few months gained a large client from the Scandinavian region. For the further development of the technology, we are looking for the location Vienna from now on. Junior Python Developer (mw). Frontend backend. Your tasks in detail: Development and implementation of project-specific software with Python. Implementation and conception of new features. Management and execution of automated test runs. Concept development and implementation of new features. Planning, coordination and implementation of system and integration tests. Collaboration on the continuous improvement of development environments. What you should bring: Completed education with an IT focus (HTL, FH, University). Good knowledge of Python. Practical experience in object-oriented programming and knowledge of common test practices. Interest in open source technologies and willingness to become familiar with new topics. Teamwork. High degree of independence, flexibility and self-motivation. Structured working. We offer: Flexible working models and times. Integration into a successful and collegial team in Vienna and Berlin. Active participation and varied tasks. Freedom and independent action. Flexible structures and short communication channels. Fair salary from 2,000 euros gross, depending on the specific qualification and working model or extent with willingness to overpay. We look forward to receiving your application text and documents by email to jobs @ newstech. ai. Convince us.NT News Technologies GmbH Kantstraße 23 10435 Berlin Germany Web: newstech. ai. , 20180328T17: 15: 390200, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, CONTRACTOR, INTERN, OTHER, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5266967, Media, Publishing,, BF Blogform Social Media GmbH,, Berlin, 10623, Kantstrasse 23, sameAs:
Commercial Data Scientist (mw), Commercial Data Scientist (mw). TMobile Austria. Job ID: 87134. Country: Austria. Location: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Application deadline: 01. 05. 2018. Employment Type: Full-time unlimited. Career Level: Professional. Required languages: German. Travel time share: 0%. Job Description. Does it connect us with your ability to get to the bottom of things, recognize relationships, and refute prejudices coupled with a high level of willingness to learn? Shape the digital revolution! As part of Deutsche Telekom, Europes No. 1, we have the competence to do so and offer people who bring fresh ideas courageously, focussed and reliably to their destination, lots of career paths. Our world is becoming ever more complex, enabling us to communicate in a simple and reliable manner. Your task here: In this function as a commercial data scientist, you yourself ask business-relevant questions or answer them in the context of projects with the help of empirical evidence. It does not matter whether these data volumes are small or large, structured or unstructured, or completely or fragmented. Concretely: They process and analyze information from databases on their own responsibility and will use appropriate methods to conduct business-relevant insights or question common procedures. As an analyst, you support conception, planning and implementation of tailor-made DataDriven solutions (eg by means of algorithms) in the area of ​​Commercial and almost always work cross-divisionally (Marketing, Sales IT, Networks). They provide a recommendation for the development of new products together with the responsible business experts. They develop innovative solutions for cross and upselling within the scope of CRM projects (eg xe2x80x9aSalesforce), where they will work in an agile manner in a team. Conditions. You have a training in a quantitative discipline (computer science, mathematics, statistics) in which you have worked with enthusiasm and tenacity on the solution of application-oriented problems. Alternatively or additionally, you have several years of professional experience in Business Intelligence areas and are interested in developing further in the direction of Data Science. You have a lot of experience in handling and handling of relational database systems and SQL queries and their further processing in applications. They have in-depth knowledge of common statistical software such as Roder and can handle with programming languages ​​such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas). Visualize data appropriately (eg using Tableau or Qlik or ggplot2) is your concern. Ideally, they also already have (basic) knowledge of data analysis in digital ecosystems and can assess the relevance of different KPIs within a customer journey. Maybe they could already gain experience with the Big Data Zoo (database tools like Hadoop, Hbase, Hive, Spark). TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG, making it one of the worlds leading communications companies. As Europes No. 1, we are regarded as a driver of innovation in the industry and as one of the countrys best employers. We inspire customers and make things easier. We live integrity and appreciation. In the discussion we are open, as soon as a decision is made, we are all behind it. Performance is recognized by TMobile. It brings us as a company and you as an employee to the top. And: We are all the Telekom: We can rely on. The climate in our teams and extensive benefits inspire 1. 400 employees from the family-friendly, flexible working hours on the training programs to pension plans. Depending on your qualification, your experience and your commitment, we offer for this position an attractive, market-conforming salary, which is for professional beginners from 33rd 200th and with several years of professional experience at 55,000th annual gross. Your chance. The climate in our teams and comprehensive benefits enthuse 1. 400 employees, ranging from family-friendly, flexible working hours to training programs and pension plans. Depending on your qualifications, your experience and your commitment, we offer an attractive, market-conforming salary for this position, which is 55. 000. annual gross for job starters starting at 33. 200. and for several years of professional experience. , 20180329T07: 45: 520200, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5267470, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food Allowance, Health Measures, Flexible Working Hours, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Project Manager Digital (wm), the Porsche Austria GmbH Co OG wholesaler for the brands Volkswagen, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, Audi, SEAT, xc5xa0KODA and Porsche offers you the opportunity to participate in the further success of our company as a leading automotive retailer. We are looking for our innovative department Digital Solutions, think tank of Porsche Austria, a committed, motivated one in Salzburg. Project Manager Digital (wm). What sets you apart: You have completed a Bachelors or Masters degree (Business Administration, Digital Marketing, Product or Innovation Management, Cognitive Science, etc.) or appropriate professional experience. First experience in project management as well as good IT skills you bring as well. You can quickly get along in complex structures and think in a networked way. Your affinity for digitization and their trends as well as your outofthebox thinking characterize you. The team is especially happy about a great deal of dedication, team spirit and flexibility. You support us with: You are responsible for the identification, coordination and implementation of digital business use cases. This includes: the optimization and digitization of existing processes. The promotion of new developments for existing and new business fields in the automotive trade. The sustainable valorisation of existing developments and tools. You develop new, innovative topics and actively contribute your ideas (connected car, vrar, blockchain, big data, chatbots, artificial intelligence). We offer: An exciting and responsible job in a diverse organization ?. The development opportunities of an established group as well as individual development plans in order to develop qualifications and make a career. A great deal of personal responsibility with freedom for initiative? A pleasant working atmosphere as well as a motivated and efficient team. Of course, you can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement, which results from your individual qualification and position relevant professional experience corresponding CV (annual gross salary starting from EUR 37,800,). If you also value an interesting, challenging work environment, we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. , 20180329T07: 48: 510200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5267476, trade, canteen, health measures, employee benefits, Porsche Austria GesmbH Co OG, kcdn. atcompany14426343224logoporscheaustriagesmbhcoog. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5021, LouisePixc3xabchStreet 2, sameAs: porsche. co. at
SAP BW BI Consultant Consultant (mw), About us. As a premium provider in the SAP HR Consulting segment, duerenhoff supports you in your search for your new SAPJob.SAP BW BI Consultant Consultant (mw). Vienna. 16772. Full time. Immediately. Apply now. Cupids arrow has long struck you right in the middle of your SAP heart. So much the better that as SAP BW BI Consultant (mw) you will develop the system landscape of our customer sustainably and independently. Challenging IT projects and working in an open-minded and competent team will determine your new day-to-day work in the Vienna area. The company also carries the internal change externally, which is why our clients are always quick to respond to new trends and translate them into innovative product ranges. The annual gross salary is a minimum of EUR 52,000. Depending on qualifications and professional experience, overpayment is foreseen. Your perspective: Promotion of your personal and professional development by means of a comprehensive further education offer. Working with the latest SAP tools in a modern work environment. Short decision paths and flat hierarchies across all company levels. Your task: Support and further development of the existing SAP BW BI landscape as well as the related reporting tools. Planning and realization of complex SAP BW BI projects, implementations and rollouts of different scope. Analysis, conception and execution of the reporting (data extraction, data modeling, transformation) as well as the implementation of ETL processes. Further development of the SAP BW BI solution as well as analyzes regarding the future IT orientation, including the latest SAP technologies (cloud, HANA, etc.). Her qualification: Professional experience in SAP BW BI consulting, ideally with expertise in the SAP project environment. Very good knowledge in data extraction, data modeling and data staging as well as experience in the design of planning and reporting systems. Strong interest in new technologies such as big data, analytics, HANA as well as the willingness to continuously develop in these areas. Communication skills and teamwork in connection with planning and organizational skills. Are we talking about you? Then talk to us. Apply now. Talk to us: 0662 2324444. katharina. Bangert @ duerenhoff. at. Your contact person. Katharina Bangert. Your data. Your data and information are always kept strictly confidential. , 20180329T07: 56: 090200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5267501, Personnel Services,, duerenhoff GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1056352998063unbenannt3. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70565, Liebknechtstrasse 33, sameAs: duerenhoff. de
Business Intelligence Analyst (mf), Our client is a leading fullservice law firm in Central and Eastern Europe. The firm provides a full range of legal transaction services and covers all aspects of even the most complex mandates. Currently our client is looking for the following position located at the Vienna headquarters:Business Intelligence Analyst (mf). The employment contract for this position is at first limited to one year but can be renewed. Your responsibilities. monitor market and industry trends, as well as levels of demand. research, gather, synthesise and analyse relevant business intelligence data. generate regular, predefined intelligence reports andor produce ondemand summaries. present complex data in a distilled, clear and concise manner. screen tender and business opportunities. provide intelligence support in due diligence processes and for business development opportunities. liaise closely with members of the firm to understand their needs and requirements. serve as single point of contact for intelligence services. deliver trainings to users of intelligence databases and sources. Your qualifications. strong academic credentials in business, economics, data sciencestatistics or similar. solid workexperience in data analytics or BI, ideally in the legal, investment management or professional services industry. wellversed in one or more commercial intelligence sources such as Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters, etc.knowledge of legalprofessional services markets, and ideally also of transactional and financial markets. businessoriented, proactive critical thinker with excellent analytical and research skills. ability to communicate across all levels of an organization. strong MS Office skills. excellent command of English; German skills of advantage. Within the organisation you will be a member of a motivated and professional team in an international and dynamic environment. Your role will be important for the firms continued growth and success. Depending on your qualification and background, you will receive a performanceoriented salary that fits your profile and ability. The minimum gross salary for this position is EUR 50. 000 p. a. If you are dynamic, can work independently while displaying a positive, highenergy attitude, please send us your application by email to jobs@wardhowell. com.Ward Howell International, Ms. Charmaine Castillo Riemergasse 92, A1010 Vienna, Phone: 43 1 524 08 600, wardhowell. com. , 20180329T08: 09: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5267538, Personaldienstleistung, , Ward Howell International Management Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1053251203092logowardhowellinternationalmanagementconsultinggmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1010, Riemergasse 92, sameAs: wardhowell. com
Trainee Auditing (DEM), DEMANDING, EXCITING, VARIED, INDIVIDUAL AND DYNAMIC that is how our trainees describe the program. They enjoy working in a team, want to take responsibility and are open to change? You want to bring in your creative ideas and shape the future of our bank? Then you are right with us. Our one-year trainee program  Start Move  is the optimal chance for starting your career. Join us on this path; We are happy to assist you with your career planning and look forward to receiving your application! TRAINEE REVISION (wm). IT revision. YOUR TASKS: Development and development of revision-internal applications (WEB applications, host programs, data visualizations). Creation of evaluations from different databases (Data Scientist). Conception and further development of audit approaches (Big Data, Data Lake, Data Analysis, Cyber ​​Security). Preparation, implementation and post-processing of IT topics, also in subsidiaries. Participation in the update of the Audit Universe and derivation of a risk-based annual audit plan. YOUR PROFILE: Completed technical education (computer science, business informatics, business studies with a focus on IT) or FH with a focus on computer science, IT security and data analysis. Knowledge of the programming languages ​​JavaJavaScript, Python, R, SQL, VBA, HTML and MS Office (Word, Excel, Access). Initial experience in developing web applications (PHP), Apache Hadoop big data framework, and Oracle database evaluation and security assessments. Good oral and written expressiveness, independence and dedication as well as high quality awareness. Good German and English skills. WE OFFER: Participation in the trainee program from the summer of 2018 in Vienna. Training on the job in the department, getting to know other areas, tasks, workshops and project work to expand your personal and methodical skills, comprehensive networking opportunities. Attractive further education opportunities after completing a trainee program (expert or leading career). Top location with modern infrastructure, flexible working time models, great social benefits. KV Annual gross salary (as of 2017) on a full-time basis of EUR 39. 612, 02 (BA) or EUR 43. 700, 02 (MA). Your contact person for this position: Martina Simek. Further information on BAWAG P. S. K. as an employer and our trainee program can be found on our career page jobs. bawagpsk. com. We look forward to receiving your application. In the meantime you have to start with BAWAG P. S. K. jobs. bawagpsk. com. , 20180329T09: 48: 040200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5267629, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good Accessibility , Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home Office, Company retirement plans, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, BAWAG PSK, kcdn. atcompany422367508logobawagpsk. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Georg Koch Square 2, same as: bawagpsk. com
Apprentice IT Technology, Herold is looking for an apprentice IT technician. You like to work with the computer? Are you interested in technical relationships and would you like to analyze and fix EDP technical errors and malfunctions? Then you are exactly right with us! We are an innovative online marketing company and want to give young, committed people the start of a career in the teaching profession IT technology! As LEHRLING IT TECHNOLOGY, you learn. How to assemble, install, connect, and test information and communication technology devices and networks. how to configure the devices and necessary programs. everything about the acceptance of customer inquiries and problems as well as the development of solution suggestions. Analyze, limit and correct errors and malfunctions. Everything necessary to set up and supervise a single workplace as well as to advise and train users. and much more. In your 3, 5-year apprenticeship you will get to know the company well and learn all the apprenticeship-specific tasks. From the beginning you will be involved in the day-to-day business and have a specific contact person for questions or problems, both in the specialist departments and in the human resources department. We are looking for committed, young people who. who have a compulsory school degree. have the joy of learning and want to do a lot. already have very good computer skills. to have an open and friendly nature. Enthusiastic and motivated. WE OFFER: a comprehensive education with the social benefits of a successful company and a dynamic team !. Benefits such as financially supported company cafeteria, free direct transport from the Mödling train station to the company, company doctor, etc. a collective agreement apprenticeship compensation in the first year of apprenticeship in the amount of EUR 590, gross per month.What makes HEROLD:  we connect buyers and sellers  on our online portals and apps, we bring service providers together with potential customers. As a specialist in marketing services, we support companies in shaping their advertising presence, attracting new customers and increasing their sales. More than 500 employees take care of consulting, implementation and ongoing service for our approximately 60,000 customers throughout Austria. You can find more information about HEROLD as an employer and the application process on ichbinderherold. at!. If this challenge appeals to you, then apply to us with your meaningful application documents (curriculum vitae, letter of motivation last school report). Apply online. Share Job Facebook Google Twitter LinkedIn Email. We are pleased to meet you!. Region: Mödling. Job Category: Department: HR. Contact: Petra Amann. 43 2236 401 30554. Homepage: herold. at. ichbinderherold. at. herold boom. Start from: from AugustSeptember 2018., 20180329T09: 56: 420200, OTHER, Mödling, Lower Austria, AT, 5267653, media, publishing, canteen, drinks, fruit, health measures, company doctor, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, parking lot, good connection , Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Supplementary Insurance, Employee Benefits, HEROLD Business Data GmbH, kcdn. atcompany15213135537logo. companymid. gif, Mödling, 2340, Guntramsdorfer Strasse 105, sameAs: herold. at
Senior Software Engineer Data Scientist (wm), Porsche Informatik GmbH, headquartered in Salzburg, has a clear mission as a subsidiary of Porsche Holding: to manufacture the best software solutions in the automotive trade. We deal internationally with dealers and importer systems for the Volkswagen Group brands and with financing and insurance services. To strengthen our team, we are looking for a location in Salzburg. Senior Software Engineer Data Scientist (wm). Your tasks: Design and implementation of analytical data marts. Data Integration (ETL) and Data Architecture (DWH). Database performance optimizations. Evaluation of new technologies (eg Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, xc3xa2xc2xa6). Collaboration in an agile product development team. Close cooperation with other teams and departments. You bring along: Several years of experience with database systems, ideally with Oracle. Experience with PLSQL. Basic knowledge in the development of web applications in Java based on open source frameworks of advantage. Good English knowledge. Readiness for further education and interest in new technologies. High commitment, personal responsibility and active communication. Enjoy working with innovative developer teams with data and database systems. We offer: Of course you can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement, which results from your individual qualification and position relevant professional experience according to the classification (annual gross salary starting from EUR 33. 502,). If you also value an interesting, challenging work environment, we look forward to receiving your detailed application documents. , 20180329T12: 48: 440200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5267826, Internet, IT, Telecom, Canteen, Health Measures, Employee Benefits, Porsche Informatik GmbH, kcdn. atcompany19072346337logoporscheinformatikgmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, LouisePixc3xabchStreet 9, sameAs: porscheinformatik. at
Data Scientist (mw), Wiener Stadtwerke, with its 16,000 employees and more than three billion euros in annual turnover, is the most important infrastructure service provider for Greater Vienna. We are looking for a: Data Scientist (mw) to strengthen our team. Your main tasks. Coordination of data science activities in the Group. Group-wide consulting and cooperation in various projects. Preparation, visualization and utilization of machines, process and customer data. Conduct analysis and development of predictive models. Creation of new insights from data as well as derivation of concrete measures and recommendations for action. Determination of potential for improvement of existing products and the development of new offers for customers. Cooperation with universities and research institutes ???. Your ideal profile. Science and / or Engineering University or FHA. Several years of professional experience, including at least two years in data analysis, data science, machine learning or business intelligence. Excellent statistics and mathematics as well as very good programming skills (R, Phyton, SPSS, KNIME etc.). Experience with current big data technologies, especially visualization tools (Qlik, MicroStrategy, Tableau etc.) or databases tools (Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark etc.) is an advantage. Interdisciplinary thinking and working, self-motivation and innovation. Result orientation and communication strength. What awaits you here. An interesting and versatile task in which you can contribute your high level of initiative and communication skills. Excellent development and training opportunities in a leading Austrian company. An attractive salary, adapted to your qualifications and experience as well as diverse employee benefits. For this position, we offer a minimum salary of 3. 591, 95 EUR gross per month, depending on qualifications and work experience, as well as the willingness to overpay, if necessary. Would you like to join us in the challenge of xe2x80x9e future  and actively contribute to the quality of life of our city? Then apply online here and we look forward to hearing from you! Wiener Stadtwerke GmbH. Corporate HR Development Recruiting. Mag Elisabeth Krims. , 20180329T12: 57: 330200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5267880, Public Service, Associations,, Wiener Stadtwerke GmbH, kcdn. atcompany143091159869logowienerstadtwerkeholdingag. companymid. gif, vienna, 1030, ThomasKlestil Platz 14, sameAs: wienerstadtwerke. at
Sales Manager New Customers, VisoTech Energy Trading Reinvented. Since 1999, VisoTech has been offering innovative software solutions for mapping, automating and optimizing energy business processes. Well-known customers from all over Europe have been relying on our solutions for many years. With the autoTRADER we are the European market leader for algorithmic short-term trading of electricity and gas. We are looking for experts who work with us to advance the development of our product and help us to keep competitors away from new ideas and approaches. Our StartUp culture, the use of the latest technologies as well as current topics such as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence provide an exciting work environment in a highly professional and agile team. Sales Manager New Customers. wanted to strengthen our sales team. Your tasks: Acquisition of new customers in Europe. Processing of tenders. Conception and presentation of new projects. Central interface to our internal departments. Your profile: Prerequisite: Several years of sales experience. Industry knowledge of the energy industry ideally in the field of intraday power trading. Professional appearance and negotiating skills. Excellent German and English language skills. Willingness to travel (about 50%). We offer: A unique environment with a high degree of creative freedom. Local flexibility of the workplace (Austria or Germany). Various benefits, eg paid lunch, home office, flexitime, free choice of equipment etc.The annual target salary for this position is at least 60,000 € p. a. Your actual annual target income will be determined according to your qualifications and experience in line with the market. For more information about our company, visit visotech. com.Interessiert? Then send your application documents (including motivation letter) to: jobs @ visotech. com We look forward to seeing you !. , 20180329T14: 13: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5267969, Internet, IT, Telecom, Food allowance, Employee events, Flexible working hours, VisoTech Softwarenentwicklungsges. m. b. H., kcdn. atcompany162002578208logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1230, Lemböckgasse 491A5. OG, sameAs: visotech. com
Python Developer (mw) So English Speakers, Juniors and parttime Devs welcome:), Python Developer (mw) So English Speakers, Juniors and parttime Devs welcome:). xc2xbb ONLINE APPLICATION. to> day is your day !. TO> DAY Experts Oberösterreich GmbH is an Austrian project consulting company specializing in IT experts. We are constantly looking for highly qualified and experienced IT specialists. To expand our team of experts in the lower Mühlviertel we are looking for one now. Python Developer (mw) So English Speakers, Juniors and parttime Devs welcome xe2x98xba. Job description. Development of BackEnds for web and mobile applications in the area of ​​condition monitoring. Planning of software design and architecture in a team. Improvement and further development of existing applications. Testing, documentation and cooperation in quality assurance. Conditions. Sound training in software development (HTLFHUni) and preferably (first) professional experience. Knowledge in Python. Experience in dealing with common databases. Know-how in the area of ​​Amazon web services is an advantage, but not a must. Interest in Data Science, Predictive Maintenance and Big Data. Terms Conditions. Benefits: The place of employment is easily accessible from Linz. Open and familiar corporate culture. Short decision-making processes and a high degree of personal responsibility. Possibility to work with state-of-the-art technologies on promising projects. Also English speaking developers, juniors and part-time staff are welcome xe2x98xba. The gross annual salary depends heavily on your previous experience and is between EUR 35. 000 and EUR 55. 000, overpayment possible. For this position, we are looking for people with a love of technology and enjoy working. It offers a professional environment and the chance to develop technically. Convince us with your documents !. We look forward to receiving your online application including cover letter, photo, certificates and CV (including information about your education and experience, as well as details of your expertise). Alternatively, send us your documents as a pdf to officeooe @ todayexperts. com.Kontakt. TODAY Experts OÖ GmbH. Gruberstrasse 1711a, 4020 Linz. Susanne Baar, MSc. 43 732 78 24 33. officeooe @ todayexperts. com. xc2xbb ONLINE APPLICATION. , 20180329T15: 53: 380200, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Unteres Mühlviertel, 5268091, Personnel services, Education and training, Employee events, Employee bonuses, TODAY Experts GmbH, kcdn. atcompany518403194258todaylogogrnklein. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1110, Guglgasse 154b3. OG, sameAs: todayexperts. com
Data Analyst Business Intelligence (mw), UNITO is part of the BaurGroup and belongs to the global Otto Group. Together, we have around 54,000 colleagues in more than 123 companies in more than 20 countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia, with sales of more than 12.5 billion in fiscal year 201617. UNITO itself operates 21 online shops in 7 markets (Austria, Germany , Switzerland and selected Eastern European countries). Our work locations are Salzburg and Graz with 646 colleagues and sales of 341 million euros in the last financial year 201617. Overall, UNITO combines 8 brands under one roof (including Universal, OTTO, Quelle) .We are now looking for Graz full-time. Data Analyst Business Intelligence (mw). Your tasks. Conception and implementation of data mining projects in the ECommerce environment. Optimization and selection of direct marketing campaigns. Implementation of AdHocAnalyses. Conception and evaluation of marketing test systems. Support and optimization of sales planning and forecasting processes. Ensuring data quality and further development of our data warehouse. Your profile. You have a successfully completed degree in analytic terms (eg business informatics, mathematics, industrial engineering, statistics, xe2x80xa6). Ideally, you already have work experience in the field of Business Intelligence Data Science or in the analysis of online marketing data at an eCommerce company or service provider. You have some experience in working with relational database systems, database queries in SQL, and have some practical experience in a statistical modeling language like R or Python. You have strong conceptual skills and a high sense of responsibility and quality. Your way of working is very independent and systematic. You can expect an exciting and varied activity in a young team in one of the leading ECommerce companies in Austria. You get with us a secure job with very good education and training opportunities, food subsidies, employee discounts for our online shops and many other benefits. The statutory minimum wage according to HandelsKollektivvertrag is 22. 204EUR gross per year. A market-conform overpayment of HandelsKV is provided in any case. Convince us with your application documents and send us today your full CV including photo, a letter of motivation and relevant official certificates. Please use our Online Bewerbungsstool.Deine contact person for this job is Mrs. Claudia Paller.We look forward to your application !. Apply online now. , 20180329T15: 55: 300200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5268101, Trade,, UNITO Versand Dienstleistungen GmbH, kcdn. atcompany155761320274logounitoversanddienstleistungengmbh. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, Alte Poststrasse 152, sameAs: unito. at
Quality Management Automotive xe2x80x93 Focus Functional Safety (fm), Quality Management Automotive Focus Functional Safety (fm). At a glance. Do you thrive when quality at its highest standards is required? Do you put the customer at the heart of your thoughts and actions internally and externally? Being part of the Automotive Quality Management team, you will be in charge of quality management for a group of products accompanying new products and technologies through development and ramp up as well as through the complete life cycle.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 26810. Start. May 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Contribute to the entire product development process and ensure process complianceDefine qualification strategies, plan and perform effective and efficient product qualifications. Guide and support project management. Conduct confirmation and verification measures. Identify, drive and support continuous improvement activities (in terms of products as well as development processes). Ensure development according to ISO 26262 Functional Safety Management. Conduct internal and external audits and assessments. Provide quality related documentation for our customers. Profile. You are able to quickly establish successful cooperations, cooperate across boundaries and appreciate the contributions of other people. You promote awareness for quality in your area of work and demonstrate high quality standards for yourself and other people.You are best equipped for this task if you have:University University of applied science degree in science, technology or engineering (Electrical Engineering, Microelectronics, Physics, Chemistry, Material Sciences). 5 years of relevant work experienc e, e. g. automotive and semiconductor. Familiarity with automotive quality culture and zero defect approach. Good knowledge of quality management systems (especially ISO 26262), processes and methods. Thorough understanding of requirements management. Proven track record of customer interaction, the ability to influence people and to deliver timely solutions in complex projects and situations. Knowhow of automotive applications and semiconductor physics. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Infineonxc2xb4s Quality Management department acts proactively to satisfy the needs of our customers to increase their success and to ensure est in class product quality. Internally the department develops a living quality culture at all levels within the automotive division and at our partners.Apply now!. , 20180330T07: 53: 110200, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5268370, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Senior Java Developer (mw), Our customer is a Europe-wide operating, strongly growing IT service provider with high innovative power. In collaboration with modern open source partners, he designs the digitization of multinational corporations of all industries by developing individual Java software solutions around the topics of big data, modern enterprise portals, Artifical Intelligence and much more. For the location Vienna we are looking for the strong growth to earliest possible entry. Senior Java Developer (mw) with potential passion. Vienna center. Her challenge: Independent development of stateoftheart Java Enterprise applications in combination with modern open source partners. Support in implementations of innovative technologies incl. Process consulting. Conception of Java software solutions in cooperation with customers from different industries (Health, Telecommunication, Automotive, NonProfit, etc.). Participation in projects for the evaluation of new technologies with experienced colleagues. Your profile: Completed technical education (HTLUNIFH). First experience in programming with Java andor modern web technologies. Fluent English. High service and customer orientation paired with professional appearance. Traveling. Your chance: Paid training Certifications during working hours to the latest software technologies ?. Long-term full-time employment in an emerging company. Fast development path from development through team management to software architecture. Competent open colleagues who enjoy working together. Projects with modern questions Technologies on the pulse of the time. Amendment to xc2xa79 (2) Equal Treatment Act: This item is endowed with a full-time market gross salary of between EUR 42. 000 and EUR 60. 000. The payment depends on the applicable collective agreement as well as on the qualification profile dependent overpayment. The last salary agreement in the employment contract will be made during a personal interview. Do you want to become part of an innovative, fast-growing career-looking team? We look forward to receiving your application documents! You will receive feedback within 1 week.UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH. Bernardgasse 2 Top 13. A1070 Vienna. unitis. at. UNITIS Because man is in the foreground. Your contact person at UNITIS Personalberatung. Melissa Wurzer. Senior HR Consultant. Professionals Executives. 431585370024. melissa. Wurzer @ unitis. at., 20180330T07: 57: 270200, FULLTIME, Wien Zentrum, 5268395, Personnel Services, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Home Office, UNITIS Personalberatung GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2776296513logounitispersonalberatung. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1070, Bernardgasse 2 Top 13 (corner Zieglergasse), sameAs: unitis. at
IT Project Manager Marketing Applications, IT Project Manager Marketing Applications. IT. The Information Technology Department at our headquarters in Fuschl am See manages our global IT agenda. To promote further constant growth we are expanding our Global Business Applications Team and we are looking for an experienced and ambitious IT Project Manager Marketing Applications (mf). In this position, you will manage international projects in the area of Marketing Applications with a strong focus to our global Consumer Initiative. Working closely together with the business department, you will be responsible for the project management and for the Marketing Application Architecture.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull GmbH. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). SAP Technologies CoInnovationEnable and manifest SAP strategic and like HANA, Cloud, SAP Hybris Marketing and Fiori User Interface within the Marketing Application Environment (including project management for projects in that area). Consumer EngagementPrepare as part of an interdisciplinary team the necessary system design to support Red Bulls Consumer Data initiative. Act as IT Project Manager for (Sub) Projects related to the Consumer Initiative (e. g. SAP Hybris Marketing) and deliver projects based on Red Bull project management principles and standards. Act as an Enabler for ECommerce related Use Cases which have a Marketing Campaign Impact (Personalisation, Recommendation). Business ProcessesUnderstand, challenge and translate business process requirements into functional requirements and technical design. Continuous work on generating highest acceptance of our solutions especially with regards to existing and new SAP technologies and based on best practice experiences in the market (FMCG). Your experience includes:(proven performance in). More than 3 years of professional experience, preferably in an international Consumer Goods or Consulting Company. Sales Marketing Business Process understanding (Digital Advertising, B2C). Strong Experience in Managing Technology Projects. Existing knowledge in the area of SAP Hybris Marketing, SAP Hybris ECommerce, knowledge in SAP BW CRM and basics in SAP ERP advantageous. Experience with technology trends (Mobile, Cloud, Digitalisationxe2x80xa6. ). Excellent analytical, conceptual and technical skills. Communication skills, performance and result oriented team player. University Degree in Computer Science Business Administration or equal practical experience. Fluent in English, German beneficial. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, attn. Stefan Radmann, Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See, redbull. atjobs. Due to legal reasons, we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1595 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180330T08: 03: 190200, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5268411, Handel, , Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
Senior Data Scientist, We have been driving innovation in automated search engine advertising worldwide for 10 years. Thanks to the excellent interaction of around 100 employees from 16 nations, we are able to provide over 500 customers and partners worldwide with highly specialized software and service. In order to give our ideas the necessary space, we have created a unique office in the Tabakfabrik Linz. Come by and convince yourself! Senior Data Scientist. Linz, full time, mw, from now on. In this position, you take responsibility for the content of our internal data science process. Together with our Product Owners you develop approaches and prototypical solutions for our constantly new challenges. Responsibility does not end with prototypes, you actively take care of translating results into software product development. You lead a small team in content and report directly to the CTO.DEINE TASKS. Responsible for content through our Data Science area. Research Development with a special focus on Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Creation of prototypes, models, approaches. Transfer of RDE results into software product development. Monitoring the models in the real environment. YOUR PROFILE. University degree: Bioinformatics, Statistics, Computer Science with DS focus. At least 23 years of professional experience in a comparable position. Broad knowledge in the field of data science. Deep knowledge and practical experience with machine learning methods. Knowledge and first practical experience with deep learning methods. Saddleproof StatisticsKnowHow. Good knowledge of R, Python or Scala. Base software development experience of advantage. Ability to translate RDE results into software development. WE OFFER the opportunity to actively develop the areas of recruiting and onboarding in an internationally operating company. A steep learning curve and an excellent working atmosphere in our office in the tobacco factory are guaranteed (really!). We value that you can and want to work on your own responsibility and that you strive to constantly develop yourself. Flat hierarchies and streamlined processes enable you to actively shape our company after a short time. Flexible working hours are very important to us, because we like to work but we also know that sometimes the lake, the mountain, the kids or a Game of Thrones series marathon calls:). INTEREST USED? Then we look forward to your application !. The minimum salary for full-time employment is EUR 2 393. However, depending on experience and qualifications, the actual salary is at least 3. 500EUR.Smarter Ecommerce GmbH Florian Englich HR Manager join @ smarterecommerce. com Web: smarterecommerce. com. , 20180330T12: 47: 320200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5268688, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Smarter Ecommerce GmbH, kcdn. atcompany77793193685smeclogo. companymid. png, Linz, 4020, PeterBehrensPlatz 9 4th floor, sameAs: smarterecommerce. com
QM project leader digitization (wm), QM project leader digitization (wm). Be a technical guide as well! 30. 03. 2018? JobNr: 87173.? Apply now. Our client is one of the leading premium automotive manufacturers worldwide. Its products convince by dynamic driving pleasure, progressive design and above all by technical progress. The company makes automotive driving dreams come true and has been one of the most popular and innovative employers in the world for decades. Steyr. Quality Management Quality Assurance. Your area of ​​responsibility. Responsible for project and quality management in the area of ​​big data and advanced analytics. Interpretation, analysis and preparation of data. Interface function between the research partner and the internal team of experts. Moderation of workshops as well as development and implementation of concepts. Permanent engagement with innovative future trends. Our requirements. Completed technical studies (FHUni) with a focus on mechanical engineering, automotive engineering, production engineering, etc. First professional experience with statistics (data analysis and interpretation). Very good IT knowledge and programming language desirable. Business fluent English. Team and communication skills. Self-initiative, independent working as well as safe and friendly appearance. What we offer. Entry into an innovative company embedded in a reputable group. A lot of variety and daily exciting, new challenges. Exciting projects in an international context. Sympathetic and competent team. Flexible working hours ZA model. Great Place to Work. Minimum salary. EUR 3390 gross month (full-time basis). Apply now. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Bettina Kern, b. @ nuclear core partner. at, will contact you as soon as possible. Apply now. , 20180330T12: 52: 160200, FULLTIME, Steyr, Upper Austria, AT, 5268709, Personnel Service,, KERN engineering careers GmbH, kcdn. atcompany177832513736logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Herrenstr. 18, sameAs: core partner. at
Software developer (mw), As a global company, our customer designs the technologies of the future. Especially as a development partner of the automotive industry, ideas turn into trend-setting innovations. At the Linz location, innovative powertrain products are developed for international customers. We are looking for immediate access to our customer: Software Developer (mw). Automotive. Ad number: 2606. Your field of operation: Linz. Your tasks: Development of reliable automated test systems for product development, applications and web interfaces. Defining the SW architecture. Close cooperation with internal and external development partners. Accompanying the development from data engineering (Hadoop, NoSQL, SQL) to application deployment. Our requirements: Completed training at the Masters level (FH, University) in the field of computer science or SWEngineering. Knowledge in C # and Javascript, optional: Python, Java. Database knowhow (eg Oracle, MongoDB). Very good German and good English skills. They are communicative, structured and characterized by a flexible and precise working style. Offers Benefits: The gross annual salary according to the collective agreement amounts to at least EUR 42,000 for this function. Depending on education, qualification and experience, a significant overpayment is possible. Demanding and innovative tasks in a globally operating company. Good development prospects and individual career development. Professional diversity and lived collegiality. Flexible working time model. Health and sports activities. Very good public transport connection. In accordance with the Equal Treatment Act, we apply equally to ladies and gentlemen. Apply now !. Your contact: Alexandra Bartl. Email: alexandra. Bartl @ vace. at., 20180403T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5268733, Personnel Services, Parking, Training, Flexible Hours, VACE Engineering GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5096296667logovaceengineeringgmbhco. companymid. jpg, Linz, 4031, Lunzerstrasse 78, BG 33, sameAs: vace. at
Senior Fraud Analyst with Data Science Know How (mw), Paysafe Group is a global and ever-expanding provider of digital payment solutions. Our 2,500 employees from 40 nations guarantee simple, fast and secure payment processes and handle millions of online payments every year worldwide. Part of this group of companies is Payolution, a FinTech company headquartered in Vienna. Payolution enables online merchants to offer their products risk-free by buying on account or by installment. Senior Fraud Analyst with Data Science Know How (mw). Your tasks. Monitoring and analysis of transactions. Identification of potential weaknesses in products, systems and processes. Identify fraud patterns and develop appropriate solutions. Develop preventive and corrective actions. Performing data analysis and reporting. Your profile. Completed economic or technical education (HAK, UNI, FH). Mind. 3 years professional experience in risk and or fraud management. Relevant SQL knowledge and experience in the field of reporting and data analysis. Excellent German and English skills are required (company language is English). Excellent MS Office knowledge, especially Excel. Analytical mind and high problem-solving skills as well as Handson mentality. Your benefits. Interesting area of ​​responsibility in an international environment. Open and collegial working atmosphere, where successes are celebrated together. Flexible working hours, mobile working and numerous company benefits. Comprehensive and transnational training and career development opportunities. Fair and market-compliant salary package from EUR 50,000, as well as the willingness to overpayment depending on qualifications and professional experience. If you want to become part of our team, apply here on our online platform. We look forward to highly motivated colleagues who want to successfully shape our future !. More information about us can be found on paysafe. com pay. com. , 20180330T15: 11: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5268793, Banks, Finance, Insurance,, Paysafe, kcdn. atcompany205301885909logos. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1120, at Euro Platz 2, sameAs: paysafe. com
Senior Developer CICD (fm), Senior Developer CICD (fm). TMobile Austria. StellenID: 87229. Land: Österreich. Standort: Vienna. Region: Vienna. Bewerbungsschluss: 31. 05. 2018. Beschäftigungsart: Vollzeit unbefristet. Karrierelevel: Professional. Erforderliche Sprachen: Deutsch. Reisezeitanteil: 0%. Stellenbeschreibung. Lets get connected through your ability of designing the interfaces for our applications!. Be part of the digital revolution! As part of the Deutsche Telekom we offer numerous possibilities to individuals who embrace their competences and enrich our company with their focus, courage, inspiration and determination. In a complex world we ensure simple and solid communication.What would be your task?As part of the team xe2x80x9eTechnical Architecture and Development youll be responsible for driving our software development from continuous integration through continuous delivery towards continuous deployment.Concrete:Design and implement our continuous integration framework and environment.Guide and support our developers and partners to properly use this environment.Support our transition towards a microservice based architecture by providing adequate build systems.Support our transition from continuous integration towards continuous delivery.Enable our developers to implement effective quality checks.Adopt our existing tools with a handson attitude. Youll be developing in Java, some Scala, various scripting languages, design Docker containers. Youll be happy to learn a new language when it comes to it.The technical scope ranges from backend processes including some legacy to frontend builds in a microserviceBFF environment.You will find Git, Jenkins, Sonar, Maven, Jira, Confluence and Docker containers inside Openshift in place. Youll be utilizing this environment and develop your own ideas how to evolve it together with the rest of the team.Anforderungen. You have a solid background in Java, Jenkins, Linux, Docker.You are willing to learn the remainder as it comes along.You have good communication skills.You have proficient English, German is an asset.You have a degree in computer sciences or comparable job experience.You have 5 years experience in software development CICD in a multiteam environment.TMobile Austria. TMobile Austria is the subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom AG and therefore part of one the most successful commucation companies worldwide. As number 1 on the European market innovation is our essence and we are among the best employers in the country. We inspire our customers. We find easy solutions. We live integrity. We are open to ideas. Outstanding perfomance is rewarded. It is what brings us to the top. We are T. Rely on us.1400 employees enjoy the friendly climate among our teams and lots of benefits like flexible working hours, extensive trainings or an occupational pension. We are offering an attractive, market compliant salary. You will earn about EUR 50. 000 per year in this position. In the end the sum on your paycheck will be determined by your qualifications, your experience and your commitment.Ihre Chance. 1400 employees enjoy the friendly climate among our teams and lots of benefits like flexible working hours, extensive trainings or an occupational pension. We are offering an attractive, market compliant salary. You will earn about EUR 50. 000 per year in this position. In the end the sum on your paycheck will be determined by your qualifications, your experience and your commitment. , 20180403T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5269170, Internet, IT, Telekom, Essenszulage, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, TMobile Austria, kcdn. atcompany27111115955logotmobileaustria. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Rennweg 9799, sameAs: tmobile. at
Data Scientist (mw) in Supply Chain Management, My job with added value. Data Scientist (mw) in Supply Chain Management. We are HOFER: people with personality. We also bring in our abilities and talents from the private sphere also valuable in the professional environment. Because common values ​​connect. As the most popular grocery retailer in Austria, we are steadily growing with just under 480 branches and more than 11,000 employees and are therefore looking for committed personalities who can help us to shape the corporate success of our company together.Your personality. independent, process and solution-oriented way of working. pronounced business understanding, analytical mind and number affinity. very good communication and cooperation skills. Enjoying partnership-based cooperation. Your tasks. Independent development and optimization of comprehensive supply forecast models of our supply chain. Perform qualitative and quantitative analysis of our products and product categories, and set, review, and adjust forecasting parameters (using Demand Influencing Factors). Recognizing and implementing the need for adaptation in planning algorithms. Development and simulation of different supply chain scenarios to determine the best product availability and the procurement strategy. Close collaboration and continuous coordination of results with internal departments and participation in the structure of the department. Your qualifications. completed education on at least Bachelor level, ideally with a focus on Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or Supply Chain Management. relevant work experience in the field of business analytics. Experience in dealing with SAP solutions and planning software is an advantage. routine use of the PC (especially MS Office). very good German and English. Our range. above-average salary (gross monthly salary from EUR 3.653, for 38, 5 hoursweek). versatile field of activity. extensive training. Education and training as part of the HOFER ACADEMY. Possibility of a sabbatical lasting several months. regular teambuilding events. reliable employer. Workplace. Hofer Straße 1 4642 Sattledt. Starting work. from now on. Online application. Please use our online application and attach your CV including motivation letter, photo and all relevant certificates. Apply online. More information about HOFER as an employer under career. Hofer. at., 20180403T09: 36: 000200, FULLTIME, Sattledt, Upper Austria, AT, 5269513, Trade, Fruit, Fitness, Flexible hours, HOFER KG, kcdn. atcompany15483171824logohofer. companymid. png, Sattledt, 4642, Hofer Strasse 1, sameAs: Career. Hofer. at
Data specialist in the field of transport logistics, Die Post sucht.DATENSPEZIALISTIN IN TRANSPORT LOGISTICS. Region: Wien, Employment: unlimited, Occupational Area: Logistics Transport. National Transport Logistics ensures the operative implementation of the transport of letters, parcels, advertising mailings and newspapers and magazines from the collection point to the delivery bases via distribution centers. In xe2x80x9eTransport logistics development and control  the central coordination takes place through the system support of the transport software, controlling and reporting and the management of cross-sectoral projects. To strengthen the transport logistics team, we are looking for a communicative, dedicated solution-oriented personality in the field of data analysis. Take advantage of this career opportunity at the location of our new and modern company headquarters in 1030 Vienna !. Your tasks. Further development and technical implementation of the existing reporting system (Qlikview, Microsoft Reporting) together with the relevant stakeholders. Creation of ad hoc reporting and topic-related analyzes. Filtering and data cleansing by reviewing ongoing reports Key performance indicators aimed at pinpointing, remediating, and improving data quality in the transport software. Creation of regular deviation analyzes in the field of transport as well as the derivation of measures together with the persons responsible for transport logistics. Execution of data audits. Acquisition of project management or collaboration in projects. Conditions. Completed commercial or technical studies at a university or college. Knowledge in Statistics, Predictive Analytics or DataScience. Several years of practice in the handling of large amounts of data: We require excellent MS Office knowledge with a focus on MS Excel. Experience and expertise in the area of ​​databases (SQL etc.). Logistic knowledge, disposition experience as well as good knowledge of the Austrian freight forwarder and freight forwarding landscape are an advantage. Ideally experience with Qlikview and Microsoft Reporting. High standards of accuracy and detail. Excellent knowledge in the preparation Presentation of reports and results. Independent and structured way of working as well as the ability to work in a team. You have analytical logic skills? Have experience in working with internal as well as external partners and are used to working independently ?. Team skills as well as cost and results-oriented thinking are yours? Then we look forward to your application !. The salary depends on experience and qualification, but at least EUR 35. 000, (gross annual salary, allin). Apply. , 20180403T12: 42: 270200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5269662, Logistics, Transportation, Canteen, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Facilities, Good Connections, Education and Training, Educational leave, Flexible Working Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Participation, Österreichische Post AG , kcdn. atcompany4985342840logosterreichischepostag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rochusplatz 1, sameAs: post. at
Senior Manager CRM (mw), Senior Manager CRM (mw). Customer Value Loyalty Management. Austrias leading electricity company, VERBUND, sets more than any other in Europe on the power of water and on the energy and competence of the entire team. Together with subsidiaries and business partners, we work intensively on the entire energy value chain: from power generation through transport to trade and distribution. Stateoftheart customer relationship management and the further development of the business model are also intended to secure the companys success in the future. Tasks. Further development and implementation of company-wide Customer Relationship Success Management. Development of a CRM Best Practice and Optimization of the Customer Experience. Further development of the model for customer segmentation. Development and implementation of customer value loyalty programs. Expansion of data management and analysis methodology as well as derivation of recommendations for the further development of the business model. Monitoring of relevant KPIs and benchmarking to increase the life time customer value. Active interface management in terms of customer value Focus and further development of the team. Participation in the development of new Smart Customer Solutions or product bundles for different customer segments and distribution channels. Participation in the development of ecosystems with cooperation and innovation partners. Conditions. Completed economics degree, ideally with a focus on marketing. Several years of relevant experience in the field of CRM, v. a. with focus on Customer Loyalty Customer Value Management. Knowledge of relevant CRM systems. Experience in CR system implementation beneficial. Experience in the field of digitization of the customer journey as well as in big data management. Entrepreneurial and analytical approach. Solution orientation and implementation strength. Strong communication skills and persuasiveness. Innovation, creativity and change skills. High customers, service and team orientation. A special task, a great opportunity: work with top experts on the future of energy. This position offers dedicated personalities a variety of design options in a future-relevant environment. Depending on your qualifications and professional experience, a gross annual salary of EUR 80,000 or more is offered. We look forward to receiving your online application! Our advisors: Mag Gudrun HeidenreichPerez (431537002528) and Krista Mautner, BSc (431537002602). Apply online now. Deloitte Recruiting Services Vienna Graz Salzburg. Deloitte Recruiting Services. , 20180403T12: 56: 360200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5269726, Personnel Services,, Deloitte Recruiting Services, kcdn. atcompany29103228925delprirgb. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1010, Renngasse 1 Freyung, sameAs: www2. Deloitte. comatdeseitenhumancapitaldienstleistungenrecruitingservices. html
Employee Controlling Administration of research projects, Grow with us. Support excellent research. IST Austria is a continuously growing, international institute in Klosterneuburg near Vienna, which conducts cutting-edge research in the biological and formal sciences as well as in physics and chemistry. As employees of the Administration and the Scientific Service Units, we support our scientists in their excellent research work. Controlling administration of research projects. FULL TIME (40h). The Grant Office of IST Austria supports the application and administration of projects financed by public and private sponsors. As an employee of the dedicated team you will advise and supervise scientists in the management of research projects and undertake further exciting tasks in the field of research funding. Are you interested in what your future working environment might look like? This short video gives insights !. Your tasks. Support and advice for our scientists in the administration of national and international research projects (funded by FWF, EU, etc.). Controlling and financial management of the projects (budget planning, reporting, call-offs, billing, etc.) as well as preparation and monitoring of external audits. Data maintenance and processing of data on subsidies for reports, presentations and external communication. Contact point for national and international sponsors. Your profile. Completed business education (eg BacStudium) or relevant professional experience in controlling or research service. Interest in science and research. Excellent English and German language skills (English is the language of the institute). Professional communication and high service orientation. Number affinity as well as a reliable, accurate and efficient way of working. Enjoying work in a multicultural environment. We offer. A challenging position in a dynamic growing environment. An interesting forward-looking area of ​​responsibility. Flexible working hours company benefits. An international open culture. An appreciative respectful work environment. We value diversity and are committed to equal treatment. Free shuttle bus from Vienna (station Heiligenstadt, duration: approx. 22 min.). Interested? Send your application (cover letter, CV, certificates) via email to: recruiting @ ist. ac. at. A minimum salary of EUR 2. 300, gross month is foreseen for this position. An overpayment is possible depending on education, qualification and professional experience. Institute of Science and Technology Austria Am Campus 1 3400 Klosterneuburg 43 (0) 22439000 0. ac. at., 20180403T13: 33: 000200, FULLTIME, Klosterneuburg, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Vienna Environment, 5269775, Science, Research, Canteen, Occupational Pensions, Supplementary Insurance, IST Austria, kcdn. atcompany160333269410logo. companymid. gif, Klosterneuburg, 3400, On Campus 1, sameAs: is. ac. at
IT Solution Architect (mw), The KELAG Group is one of the leading energy service providers in Austria. The Group companies operate in the electricity, natural gas and heat business areas throughout Austria and internationally. We are looking for the place of employment with Klagenfurt. IT Solution Architect (mw). Your tasks after adequate familiarization: Planning, construction and technical implementation of the operation of the SAP database environment of the ERP system, SAP BW and BO. Data extraction, data modeling, creation of reports and support of the reporting tools (SAP BO, OBIEE, Tableau, xe2x80xa6). Implementation and execution of the financial reporting in BW (for planning, forecast, fast close, annual financial statements, xe2x80xa6). Technical Implementation of Group Consolidation in BW (SEMBCS) (half-year and annual financial statements for the Group). Planning, coordination and management of SAP projects in the business intelligence environment and alignment with the IT strategy. Conception of general system changes and fixes of system and program errors to ensure operational readiness and maintenance in the BW and BO systems. Your profile at the time of application: completion of a relevant technical or economic higher education degree, preferably combination of technical and economic study content or comparable training combined with several years of relevant professional experience. Strong analytical skills, economic understanding and cost awareness. Relevant experience in SAP BW, SAP BO, BI Tools. Knowledge of databases (Oracle, MS SQL, Hadoop, xe2x80xa6). Assumption of personal responsibility and teamwork. Readiness for education and training and flexible working hours. Knowledge of the organizational structure within the Kelag is an advantage. What else do we offer you? For the position, a market-compliant gross monthly fee of EUR 3,360 is offered. Depending on the specific qualification and adequate professional experience, a higher fee is possible. If you are interested in this position, please apply online on kelag. atjobs. , 20180403T13: 58: 000200, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5269793, Energy industry, Environment,, KELAGKärntner ElektrizitätsAktiengesellschaft, kcdn. atcompany48053411891logokelagkrntnerelektrizittsaktiengesellschaft. companymid. gif, Klagenfurt, 9020, Arnulfplatz 2, sameAs: kelag. at
Senior Scientist (PHD) (mf) Process Development, The Research Center Pharmaceutical Engineering GmbH (RCPE) is an interdisciplinary research institute in the area of pharmaceutical process and productdevelopment in Graz, Austria. Our goal is to establish technology to transform current product and processes development approaches in the pharmaceutical and diagnostics industries into a sciencebased endeavor together with our partners. We are looking for an active, highly qualified. SENIOR SCIENTIST (PHD) (mf) Process Development. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:Actively lead andor participate in teams projects to design, plan, execute, interpretanalyze and report results of experiments pertaining to physical characterization, process development. Polymerbased solid dosage forms development (process development and optimization). Polymer processing and downstream process knowledge and understanding (e. g. hot melt extrusion, injection molding, pelletizationxe2x80xa6). Lead multiple scientific projects. Conduct basic research in the field of dosage form development. Communicate data with academic or industrial partners. Supervision of Master and or PhD students. Produce project reports and publish research results in peerreviewed journals. REQUIREMENTS:A technical or natural scientific MS degree (polymer sciences, chemical engineering) A PhD and minimum 2 5 years research experience in a field related to the tasks of the project. Sound understanding of polymer processing and physical characterization of polymers (rheology, solid state analysis, spectroscopy etc. ) as well as in polymer chemistry in relation to drug delivery. Profound knowledge in early and late phase drug product development. Advantage: knowledge and understanding of polymer processing techniques (e. g. hot melt extrusion, injection molding, xe2x80xa6). Strong communication, presentation and scientific writing, leadership skills. Interest and experience in performing toplevel and targetoriented research at the interface of basic science and industrial application. WE OFFER. a responsible position in RD for an unlimited period in the interface of scientific and industrial work. a multidisciplinary and dynamic research environment and access to highly modern infrastructure on campus of Graz University of Technology. options for career development at the academic and industrial level. options for personal development (participation in trainings) and a competitive salary (min. EUR 42. 000, grossyear) overpayment depending on qualification possible. We are looking forward to receiving your application by indicating the Ref. NrSK33 and including a cover letter, your CV, publication track record and credentials. Research Center Pharmaceutical Engineering GmbH Sandra Resl Head of Human Resources Inffeldgasse 13 A8010 Graz Web: rcpe. at. , 20180403T14: 48: 010200, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5269818, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, , RCPE Research Center Pharmaceutical Engineering GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17915358368logorcperesearchcenterpharmaceuticalengineeringgmbh. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Inffeldgasse 13, sameAs: rcpe. at
Data analyst SEM SEO Specialist, our client, dmcgroup, is part of an international independent agency group with offices in Dusseldorf, Munich, Berne and Vienna. We are looking for the customer for the financial services, trade, industry, social institutions, high tech, telecommunications and publishers for the Vienna location one. Data analyst SEM SEO specialist. Your tasks: Routine handling of web analysis systems. Creation and design of reports for marketing and sales from various data sources. Experience with Google AdWords campaigns, Facebook campaigns, display and remarketing campaigns. Conception and development of a uniform campaign structure. Efficient use of advertising budget based on strategic guidelines. Holistic campaign management with optimization of keywords, ads and extensions. KPI-based reporting. Research and identification of growth potential. Skills Talents: Completed degree in Business Informatics, Process Management or similar. or comparable work experience. Extensive knowledge of tools such as AdWords Editor, Merchant Center, Tag Manager, Analytics and other related tools. Google AdWords certification and experience with programmatic marketing (eg Google Double Click) or remarketing campaigns is an advantage. Strong analytical understanding and high affinity to numbers and digital tools. Friendly and professional appearance in dealing with customers and business partners. Presentation experience and experience in advising clients. Enthusiasm for the topic of online marketing and data visualization. Communicative team player with a structured and result-oriented way of working. Fluent German and English. Our customer offers: Attractive conditions. Varied projects in a global context. Collaboration in a highly motivated team of digital experts. Good development opportunities in a dynamic environment. Sunny office directly at the Naschmarkt. For this position, the annual gross salary starts from EUR 40,000. Depending on your qualifications and experience, there is a willingness to overpay. We look forward to receiving your online application to Iventa Wien. IVENTA. at, with ref. no. 56341KA and possibly blocking notices. Laurenz AuerspergPieber, MSc. , Tel.: 43 (1) 523 49 44 281. Advertise here !. , 20180403T15: 46: 110200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5269872, Personnel Services,, Iventa. The Human Management Group, kcdn. atcompany32631304852logoiventathehumanmanagementgroup. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1070, Seidengasse 911, sameAs: iventa. at
Business analyst in the field of supply chain optimization, my job with added value. Business Analyst in Supply Chain Optimization. We are HOFER: people with personality. We also bring in our abilities and talents from the private sphere also valuable in the professional environment. Because common values ​​connect. As Austrias most popular grocery retailer, we are steadily growing with almost 480 branches and more than 11,000 employees. We also assume responsibility internationally: as part of our global IT strategy, we implement company-wide projects and are looking for committed personalities who can shape the IT future of the ALDI SOUTH Group in a strong relationship. Your personality. Enjoy the international project work. process and solution-oriented working method. pronounced mathematical understanding and analytical thinking. very good communication and team skills. Your tasks. actively shaping the global supply chain of the ALDI SOUTH Group. Development and evaluation of different supply chain network scenarios taking into account national and international market conditions. Create mathematical decision models at the strategic and tactical level in close collaboration with internal and external experts. ongoing work with modern software solutions as well as active driving forward of new modeling simulation questions. Your qualifications. completed studies (FHUniversität) ideally with a focus on mathematical modeling, optimization or IT. Initial experience in the areas of supply chain optimization, linear programming, data engineering, business intelligence, data science, programming or databases. very good knowledge of English. Our range. above-average salary (gross monthly salary from EUR 3.653, for 38, 5 hoursweek). versatile field of activity. extensive training. Education and training as part of the HOFER ACADEMY. Possibility of a sabbatical lasting several months. regular teambuilding events. reliable employer. Workplace. Hofer Straße 1 4642 Sattledt. Starting work. from now on. Online application. Please use our online application and attach your CV including motivation letter, photo and all relevant certificates. Apply online. More information about HOFER as an employer under career. Hofer. at., 20180403T15: 51: 000200, FULLTIME, Sattledt, Upper Austria, AT, 5269884, Trade, Fruit, Fitness, Flexible hours, HOFER KG, kcdn. atcompany15483171824logohofer. companymid. png, Sattledt, 4642, Hofer Strasse 1, sameAs: Career. Hofer. at
Software Maintenance Representative, Software Maintenance Representative German (Galway, Ireland). Job Summary. Why youll be excited by this rolexe2x80xa6 It is almost unimaginable to think of a technology that has not been influenced, impacted and in many cases made possible by MathWorks software. Your mobile phone, your social network, your TV streaming service, even your take out! MathWorks is the software that is accelerating the pace of engineering and science. It is an exciting time to join MathWorks as we establish, develop and grow our shared sales services centre in Galway, Ireland. As a Software Maintenance Representative, you will focus on driving revenue growth through achieving or exceeding customer engagement standards in our maintenance renewal programs and products. You will work on a diverse, multicultural team of software maintenance representatives that are aligned with sales representatives in a team selling environment to achieve individual andor team goals.Responsibilities. What you will be doingxe2x80xa6. Grow revenue through attaining or exceeding maintenance renewal revenue goals. Manage timely closure of the assigned annual maintenance renewal contracts and incorporate lapsed maintenance opportunities into selling strategies Proactively contact customers and explain the product and support benefits of continuing maintenance services. Educate customers on purchasing options via web store and consolidations. Identify and manage add on or cross sell opportunities by closing business or transferring to appropriate sales representative to achieve the sale cycle. Prepare quotations as required and ensure accurate information for efficient processing of orders and investigate and resolve discrepancies. Ensure accurate customer data and sales activities are collected and entered into CRM system to advance the sales cycle. Demonstrate strong forecasting and funnel management of your assigned territory. Contribute to and support the territory plans in conjunction with sales representatives. Participate in funnel meetings as well as planning and delivery of sections of the annual territory and account plans. Partake on projects with local and international project team members. What you are really good atxe2x80xa6. Selling. Consistent overachievement of sales and productivity goals. Responsiveness. Has a cando attitude, is customer centric, displays empathy, and is quality focused. Being strategic, creative and focused. Ability to multitask, strong sense of urgency, willing to go the extra mile with a strong work ethic; selfdirected and resourceful. Taking care of the details. Is accurate in recording information clearly and concisely. Highly proficient computer, analytics and social networking skills. Communication. Exceptional persuasive verbal and written communication skills with excellent telephone skills and a high level of attention to detail. Additional Qualifications. M. Sc. or BA degree in an Engineering, Science or Business discipline.Evidence of success in complex software solutions sales into the Automotive industry segement.Self driven, high energy level.Strong German and English skills (spoken and written): Common European Framework of Reference for Languages Level C1. Demonstrated experience to balance volume and strategic sales.Excellent communication and presentation skills.Minimum Qualifications. A bachelors degree and 1 year of professional work experience is required.Additional Qualifications. You havexe2x80xa6. A bachelors degree. 24 years post university experience, 12 years customer facing experience. German: highly proficient in both spoken and written (C1). Exceptional persuasive verbal and written communication skills with excellent telephone skills and high level of attention to detail. Understanding of forecasting and funnel management practices. Completion of sales andor phone skills training. Proficient working with a CRM system to facilitate lead qualification and advancement of sales cycle. Strong prioritization and time management skills. Experience working in fastpaced, disciplined, process oriented, sales environment. Even better if you havexe2x80xa6. Additional language skillsmultilingual. Worked in a shared sales services or global business centre. , 20180404T11: 22: 000200, FULLTIME, Galway, Ireland, 5269942, Internet, IT, Telekom, , MathWorks Limited, , Ireland, H91 P9KP, 1327 Prospect HIll, Galway, sameAs:
Research Assistant Production Management (wm), Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH conducts applied research and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Gesellschaft. Fraunhofer Austria was founded in November 2008 as a non-profit research organization and includes the business units Production and Logistics Management in Vienna as well as Visual Computing in Graz and the Innovation Center xc2xbbDigital Transformation of the Industriexc2xab in Wattens. For the business area xc2xbbProduction and Logistics Managementxc2xab in Vienna, we are looking for strengthening our team at the earliest possible date committed and qualified employees with a thematic focus in the area of ​​production optimization and industrial engineering. Scientific staff xc2xbbProduktionsmanagementxc2xab (wm). Emphasis xc2xbbproduction optimization and industrial engineeringxc2xab. Your tasks. Development and implementation of innovative solutions in production for our industrial customers as well as in the field of industry-related research. Planning, management and processing of projects in the field of workplace and work system design or assembly planning. Planning and implementation of industrial concepts 4. 0, for example in the fields of cyber-physical production and assembly systems, human-machine collaboration or collaborative robotics, data-aided maintenance, big-data analyzes, etc.Your profile. Completed technical studies with a focus on production management in one of the following disciplines (or an equivalent university degree in Germany or abroad): Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Industrial EngineeringMechanical Engineering. Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Industrial EngineeringInformatics. Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Mechanical EngineeringProduction Engineering. Several years of professional experience in an industrial company in the area of ​​production optimization and industrial engineering as well as experience in planning and managing complex projects. Experience in the practical application and implementation of methods of lean management and other optimization tools in the production area. Visual Basic knowledge and field-proven programming skills (eg Python, R, MatLab, C etc.) are an advantage. Very good English skills are required. High communication and coordination skills. Flexibility, reliability, independence and willingness to travel. Interest in a doctorate. Working at Fraunhofer Austria means working in a young team that focuses on innovative solutions for industry and research, individual development and teamwork. Employment, pay and benefits are based on the non-university ForschungsKV. The collectively agreed minimum salary currently amounts to EUR 3. 199, 00 (gross month, full-time, salary with classification xe2x80x9eE3  according to ForschungsKV with at least 3 years creditable work experience). If you have the necessary qualifications and professional experience, you have the option of overpayment or upgrading. Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae and certificates of your previous activities and training by e-mail to: jobs @ fraunhofer. at.Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH Production and Logistics Management Division Mr Thomas Edtmayr Theresianumgasse 7 1040 Vienna Web: fraunhofer. at., 20180403T18: 17: 050200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5269968, Science, Research,, Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH, kcdn. atcompany83588870895logofraunhoferaustriaresearchgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Theresianumgasse 27, sameAs: fraunhofer. at
Manager Chip Architecture for Magnetic and Pressure Sensors (fm), Manager Chip Architecture for Magnetic and Pressure Sensors (fm). At a glance. You want to take a leading role in our cuttingedge sensors development? You enjoy working in an international, crossfunctional setting and want to go for an adventure abroad? Apply now and guide a team of concept engineers defining the architecture of our next generation of magnetic and pressure sensors.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 26917. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to spend up to 3 years abroad at our vibrant RD center in Bucharest where 300 engineers are developing automotive and security solutions covering every step from concept to mass production.In the course of your longterm assignment, you will in particular cover the following tasks:Leading a team of concept engineers defining the architecture of our sensor chips. Understand product requirements and translate them into development specifications for innovative Sensor chips with your team. Manage your direct reports including recruiting, performance assessment, coaching, training and development. Personnel resource planning in alignment with project managers. Alignment of project tasks with all other functional areas (Circuit Design, Test Development, Component Verification, Application Engineering, etc. ). Alignment of tools and processes with other sites and central functions. Definition and implementation of working processes. Cooperation with universities and research partners. Supporting our department and site manager. Profile. You take over leadership in your work with your team, management and interdisciplinary partners and you have the ability to keep flexible even in a complex working environment. Furthermore, quality and keeping commitments is important for you.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A University degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Microelectronics, Physics, Automation Computer Sciences or related disciplines. Management and leadership experience in an industrial environment. Ideally 6 years of RD working experience within the semiconductor industry. Skills in simulation and modelling of electronic systems including appropriate tools (e. g. SystemC, MatLab xe2x80xa6). Experience in systempartitioning of electronic systems. Good understanding of development processes for system or product development. Fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment Group J (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180404T08: 09: 180200, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5270242, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Manager Component Verification for Magnetic Sensor ICs (fm), Manager Component Verification for Magnetic Sensor ICs (fm). At a glance. You are searching for a new challenge and are open for an international adventure? You like to drive innovation through your technical and personal contribution? This is your chance! Here at Infineon, we strive to make life smarter, safer and greener, with our sensor solutions being one of the key elements. Join us as Component Verification Manager for Magnetic Sensor ICs and enrich our team with your leadership and technical skills.Quick info. Location. Linz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 26915. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to spend up to 3 years abroad at our vibrant RD center in Bucharest where 300 engineers are developing automotive and security solutions covering every step from concept to mass production.In the course of your longterm assignment, you will in particular cover the following tasks:Lead the Component Verification Team and manage your direct reports, including recruiting, performance assessment, coaching, training and development. Personnel resource planning in alignment with project managers. Alignment of project tasks with all other functional areas (Concept Engineering, AnalogDigital Design, Test Development, Application Engineering, etc. ). Ensure continuous improvement, productivity and quality of development processes. Drive innovation activities in component verification methods (mostly in separate, dedicated projects). Achieve a high execution quality of the component verification team (in time, budget, quality, competitiveness). Possibly act as project manager for methodology projects. Ensure that processes and quality guidelines are followed. Profile. You are a team player with strong leadership skills who is committed to highquality standards. Your working style is process oriented and you have the ability to keep flexible even in a complex working environment.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A University degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Microelectronics or equivalent degree. Ideally 5 years of practical component verification experience in the semiconductor industry. Good understanding of measurement instruments and lab automation toolsflows (e. g. LabView). Sound leadership experience preferably in an RD environment. Knowledge of automotive sensor applications and magnetic sensors as an advantage. Experience in ISO26262 compliant verificationvalidation of automotive products as a big plus. Fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment Group I (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180404T08: 09: 190200, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5270243, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Associate Datamining, NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. With your reports and analyzes, you support our central purchasing department in making key decisions and provide valuable information that will ensure the success of our company. QUALIFICATIONS WE REWARD. University degree with emphasis on statistical methods (preferably mathematics, business informatics, statistics, or similar). First work experience in data mining. Excellent programming skills in SQL and R as well as additional programming skills and languages ​​(Phyton, Java Script, SAS) are an advantage. Profound computer skills in MS Office and ideally Business Objects. Understand and recognize business requirements. Experience in dealing with BIG DATA. Strong analytical skills. High team ability and solution orientation. Affinity to numbers and IT systems as well as networked and solution-oriented thinking. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Development and evaluation of concepts, models and tools for optimizing and controlling the assortment (action, price). Time series analysis of product groups with regard to different key figures. Independent analysis of existing processes as well as derivation and implementation of improvement measures. Creation of reports for assortment and price control as well as support of our category managers. Ongoing cooperation in the further development of technical assortment structures, working methods and systems. Interface between several departments. Implementation support of the developed analytical methods in the existing software infrastructure. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Food supplement for a cheap, healthy break in our on-site restaurants. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Good public transport and parking on site. REWeMember Benefits on purchases and travel. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. Annual gross salary from EUR 40,000 (The amount of the actual salary depends on the existing qualification as well as the prior service hours.). WE LOOK FOR EMPLOYEE DATAMINING. LOCATION: WR. NEUDORF. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180416T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5270285, Commerce, Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Full Stack Web Developer (mf), indoo. rs is a leading software provider for technology and services to accurately locate yourself or others inside buildings. Indoor navigation and localization is a hot topic: finding the way to your gate at an airport, get yourself routed to the desired shop in a shopping mall or simply finding your partner inside a building. On the one hand, we provide our technology as an SDK (Software Development Kit), upon which app developers, agencies or direct B2B customers (such as San Francisco Airport, KLM, Messe Schweiz, Hofburg, etc. ) build their customized apps. On the other hand, we license our core technology to mobile device and chipset manufacturers to be preinstalled on their hardware components Our company is VC funded and we have a very strong research and development team for which we e looking for a Web Developer for our Vienna office. Ok, that is the stuff we have to say, here is the stuff you want to hear: This is a great company to work for, everyone supports each other to go that extra mile and we really like hanging out as a group. Things move fast but we do take the time to enjoy a good success.Full Stack Web Developer. Fulltime. Tasks. Development and maintenance of web solutions as part of an agile software development team. Full stack (backend frontend) web API development. Write and maintain unit test cases. Maintain the technical documentation. Provide technical support to our customers. Communicate requirements and dependencies of the component within the system with other team members. Qualifications. Very good web and API development skills, with at least 2 years of experience. Profound knowledge of Java, Javascript, React, PostgreSQL and Leaflet. Experience with Git, Maven, TeamCity, Docker, JIRA, Charting Libraries for Javascript (e. g. Dimple, D3). Knowledge of Scala, Elasticsearch and Spring Framework is a plus. Hugs and kisses for experience with DevOps. Acquaintance with Linux as a working environment (Development Deployment). Academic degree or comparable education and work experience. Strong communication skills in English. Depending on your qualification and background, you will receive a performanceoriented salary that suits your profile and ability. The minimum gross salary for this position is EUR 38. 000, 00 per year.If your experiences and skills match our job profile, we are looking forward to your application, including your detailed CV.indoo. rs GmbH Geyschlägergasse 14 zH Ronald Berger 1150 Wien jobs@indoo. rs Web: indoo. rs. , 20180404T10: 11: 110200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5270321, Internet, IT, Telekom, , indoo. rs GmbH, kcdn. atcompany845671127186logoindoorsgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1150, Geyschlägergasse 14, sameAs: indoo. rs
Application Engineer, Welcome to Austrias leading provider of technical services! With the bundled know-how of around 700 IT experts and engineering specialists, we have been developing solutions for companies of all industries and sizes for more than 50 years. In our internal Competence Centers and on site in the project teams of our customers. Do you also find that life is far too exciting to work in an uninteresting job? We offer you new career prospects. Become part of the BEKOTeam !. Currently we are looking for one in the Vienna area. Application Engineer. JBOSS, Java, Jenkins, Ansible. Your tasks. Operating, monitoring, controlling and suppressing applications, middleware and communication components as well as the associated platform. Working with automation tools. Participation and partial coordination of order, change and security measures. Further development of the solutions used. Monitoring system efficiency. Participation in the creation of concepts for operational optimization. Conceptual consultation of customers and colleagues. Ensuring trouble-free operation in compliance with the service level and the safety regulations. Install and administer applications, middleware and communication components. Design and implementation of workflows and planning of supporting tools. Preparation of technical documentation. Your profile. University degree for computer science or equivalent education. ITInfrastrukturKenntnisse. Good knowledge of the operating system Linux. Good knowledge of network architecture. Experience in Application Management. Good knowledge of installing various software such as Apache, JBoss, Tomcat, ProFTPD, Websphere etc. Experiences with automation tools like Ansible and Jenkins. Knowledge of docker infrastructures and big data platforms is an advantage. Knowledge of common SQL and NoSQL databases (excl. Oracle). Independent, structured and solution-oriented working method and cooperation in a team. Flexibility and resilience. Willingness for professional development. Willingness to be on call and working outside normal working hours. German and English in spoken and written. Our range. Innovation from experience since 1966. Participation in a dynamic team. Pleasant working environment. Advantage through networked engineering Informatik Knowhow. Promotion in the professional development and personal development in the BEKO Academy and the active participation in the course offers. A market-compliant gross annual salary starting from EUR 42. 000, 00 and the willingness to overpayment, depending on qualification and work experience. Projects in the Vienna area. Have we piqued your interest? Then we would like to get to know you and look forward to receiving your application (including photo and certificates) stating your earliest possible starting date and salary expectations !. BEKO Engineering Informatik GmbH Co KG Recruiting Viktoria Sollak KarlFarkasGasse 22, 1030 Vienna Tel.: 43 1 797 50573 EMail: recruiting. vienna @ beko. at., 20180404T09: 44: 260200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5270341, electronics, automation, education and training, employee events, flexible working hours, BEKO Engineering Informatik GmbH Co KG, kcdn. atcompany32612963001bekologo2017webrgb125x88px. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, KarlFarkasGasse 22, sameAs: beko. at
Masters thesis with internship @ Regional Analytics and Prototyping, Masters thesis with internship @ Regional Analytics and Prototyping. We are Austrias leading telecommunications provider, both in mobile communications and in the fixed network. And we know that we can only achieve above-average success with above-average employees. But above all: Only with their above-normal enthusiasm. As a trainee in the  Group Regional Analytics Prototyping , you get to know the handling of structured as well as unstructured data, develop prototypes and support the team in the implementation of regional analyzes and visualizations , Based on the insights gained, the management of marketing, sales and technology is supported in their decision-making and the strategic and operative implementation. For your diploma master thesis you develop an interactive high-end prototype (Shiny Wep App) in the programming language R, which is used for ad hoc analysis. Your task. You will be familiar with a part of the A1 system landscape. You process and analyze structured and unstructured data. You support the team in the conception, planning and implementation of tailor-made prototypes. In the course of their diploma master thesis they are responsible for the implementation of a universally applicable prototype with the R Shiny responsible.You will proactively join the team with your creative ideas.Our requirements. Start: by appointmentDuration: 6 monthsOrder: Vienna Advanced Studies (FHUni, near degree) Computer ScienceGeoinformatics, Geoinformation, Spatial Data Science or similar educationAdvanced programming experience with R and R Shiny advanced experience in the database languageSQL-relevant programming experience with HTMLCSS, PHP, JavaScript and Python.Experience with spatial data analysis and appropriate GIS software (eg ArcGIS, QGIS, RegioGraph, etc) knowledge of relational databases as well as NoSQL databases interest in data science and big data subject good English knowledge. Your personality. partially self-reliant and self-responsible speed of work comprehension and analysis ability high degree of flexibility, creativity and motivation solution oriented and committedLust to get to know new. There are many opportunities for development in our company! Grab it, unfold and take advantage of your career opportunities. We look forward to you!. As A1 Telekom Austria AG, we aim to increase the proportion of women in the entire division and have developed measures to promote women. We are therefore pleased about the interest of women in the advertised position and invite them to apply.The minimum monthly collective agreement for this internship is EUR 2. 182, 60 gross.Your application. Apply online now on a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180404T09: 48: 430200, INTERN, OTHER, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5270350, Internet, IT, Telecom, Paten Mentor Program, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Science Liaison Lead (mf), We are one of Europexc2xb4s leading evidence based probiotic pharmaceutical company with strong and reputable brands and product pipeline. We are currently looking for an experienced. Science Liaison Lead mf. Austria Germany. Responsibilities. Interest andor orientation regarding the clinical microbiome, probiotics, new trends and fields within clinical practice. Collaborate with KOLs on all aspects of the research process; further maintaining internal oversight of research projects including protocol development, workflows, budgets, and publications. Actively develops, builds and maintains optimal relationships with regional, national and international key institutions and KOLs, working closely with internal departments regarding site engagement strategy. Identification of key clinical topics and research opportunities from KOLs and experts. Oversees study feasibility, site monitoring performance and all relevant activities for research study projects (Phase 2). Work closely with external partner MSL teams to streamline research agendas on a mechanistic and clinical level. Participate in credible data dissemination, medical and scientific conferences, research support, and ideaexchange meetings internally and within the medical community. Support product launch activities and developmentimplementation of regional strategy. Maintain clinical, scientific, and technical expertise in relevant product, therapeutic and microbiotarelated areas. Aggressively foster crossfunctional synergy between science liaison and sales teams to promote medicalendorsed strategy. Organization of and participation in product and medical education for healthcare professionals through onsiteexternal activities at clinical centres, professional societies, and conferences. Profile. Seasoned professional with 5 years as MSL or Medical Affairs Manager in multiple pharma or biotech companies. Advanced degree in medicine, pharmacy, biology or other relevant life science field (PhD, MD, Mag etc. ). Excels within crossfunctional teams with a flexible yet determined work ethic. Inspired by a dynamic work environment and international travel. An engaging, diplomatic, and open personality coupled with the ability to manage projects and expectations with multiple stakeholders. Oriented towards and enthusiastic for microbiota management and probiotics. Interested in new ways of thinking and innovative approaches to clinical patient care. In depth knowledge of patient care pathway segmentation and clinical research. Interest in FSMP legislation. Ideally experienced in marketing and product launchsupport. Excellent negotiation and networking skills. Approximately 50% travel. Fluent in German and English. Job Offer. The position offers an innovative and friendly work environment in a cuttingedge medicalscientific area, a competitive salary, input in the onboarding process, a high degree of responsibility and autonomy and future career growth in an expanding company.For further information please contact our Consultant, Gabriele Gradnitzer, or send your application confidentially to: Stanton Chase International Gabriele Gradnitzer Head of Life Sciences Health Care Practice Kärntner Ring 57 A1010 Wien g. gradnitzer@stantonchase. com Tel. : 43 1 516 26 71. Amsterdam xe2x80xa2 Athens xe2x80xa2 Atlanta xe2x80xa2 Auckland xe2x80xa2 Austin xe2x80xa2 Baltimore xe2x80xa2 Bangalore xe2x80xa2 Beijing xe2x80xa2 Belgrade xe2x80xa2 Bogotxc3xa1 xe2x80xa2 Boston xe2x80xa2 Brussels xe2x80xa2 Bucharest xe2x80xa2 Budapest xe2x80xa2 Buenos Aires xe2x80xa2 Calgary xe2x80xa2 Caracas xe2x80xa2 Chennai xe2x80xa2 Chicago xe2x80xa2 Copenhagen xe2x80xa2 Dallas xe2x80xa2 Dubai xe2x80xa2 Düsseldorf xe2x80xa2 Frankfurt xe2x80xa2 Guangzhou xe2x80xa2 Hamburg xe2x80xa2 Helsinki xe2x80xa2 Hong Kong xe2x80xa2 Istanbul xe2x80xa2 Johannesburg xe2x80xa2 Kolkata xe2x80xa2 Lagos xe2x80xa2 Lima xe2x80xa2 Lisbon xe2x80xa2 Little Rock xe2x80xa2 Ljubljana xe2x80xa2 London xe2x80xa2 Los Angeles xe2x80xa2 Lyon xe2x80xa2 Madrid xe2x80xa2 Mexico City xe2x80xa2 Miami xe2x80xa2 Milan xe2x80xa2 Montevideo xe2x80xa2 Montreal xe2x80xa2 Moscow xe2x80xa2 Mumbai xe2x80xa2 Nashville xe2x80xa2 New Delhi xe2x80xa2 New York xe2x80xa2 Oslo xe2x80xa2 Panama City xe2x80xa2 Paris xe2x80xa2 Porto xe2x80xa2 Prague xe2x80xa2 SaintPetersburg xe2x80xa2 San Francisco xe2x80xa2 Santiago xe2x80xa2 Sxc3xa3o Paulo xe2x80xa2 Seoul xe2x80xa2 Shanghai xe2x80xa2 Silicon Valley xe2x80xa2 Singapore xe2x80xa2 Sofia xe2x80xa2 Stockholm xe2x80xa2 Stuttgart xe2x80xa2 Sydney xe2x80xa2 Tokyo xe2x80xa2 Toronto xe2x80xa2 Vienna xe2x80xa2 Warsaw xe2x80xa2 Zurich. , 20180404T11: 43: 000200, FULLTIME, Österreich, Österreich, AT, Deutschland, Deutschland, DE, 5270514, Personaldienstleistung, , SCI Selection, kcdn. atcompany169183224498scisel. companymid. png, Wien, 1010, Kärntner Ring 57, sameAs: stantonchase. com
Intern (mw) xe2x80x93 IPM Data Analyst, We are a very special company globally successful, with ethical products, stable growth and an enviable working environment. But also our market is unusual and complex 40 years ago the first baby pacifier of the brand MAM, which combines design, functionality and medical safety, was launched on the market. Today, parents in 50 countries on 5 continents buy 50 million MAM brand baby products each year. Our group of companies is the market leader and world leader in iconic baby design in many countries. More at: mambaby. com For the reinforcement of our technical departments at the RD location in Siegendorf in Burgenland or in Vienna, we are looking for a temporary job for 6 months (from now on for at least 15h week). Intern (mw) IPM Data Analyst. Your tasks: Do you want to put your project management and IT skills into practice? Then support our colleagues in the Innovation and Project Management department (IPM) in their daily project and development work. They analyze existing data, process it, and link databases of various databases with the goal of automatic processing. Analysis of databases and automation of regular key figures Evaluations. Support the project management office in the creation of individual data evaluations as a basis for decision-making for the management of the company (mainly project portfolio decisions). Technical implementation of resource management (import export of data Excel project management software (PM Smart), automatic management of Excel data and creation of diagrams). Integration of new software applications into the existing data structures. Your profile: You have experience with databases and SQL. You have programming experience, especially with Visual Basic. You have experience with different data analysis tools. Ideally you have completed a computer science education (preferably: Business Information Systems) or are currently undergoing training: HTLFH University. You would like get involved in the private sector and profile and seek a technical challenge. You have a good knowledge of MSOffice programs (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel). You have good English and German language skills. You work independently, reliably and in a structured manner. You like working in a team with highly qualified specialists in the MAM products of tomorrow. We offer you versatile tasks in an international and friendly company, the participation in a motivated team, flexible working hours as well as a professional and attractive work environment. Salary: Base 1. 720, Euro for 40 hours, aliquot depending on hours. If you feel addressed, we look forward to receiving your CV and the earliest possible starting date by email to career @ mambaby. com. , 20180404T13: 09: 000200, INTERN, Siegendorf, Burgenland, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5270592, Consumer Goods, Branded Products,, MAM Babyartikel GmbH, kcdn. atcompany11782419538logomambabyartikelgesmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1160, LorenzMandlGasse 50, sameAs: mambaby. com
Senior Business Intelligence Analyst (mf), Senior Business Intelligence Analyst (mf). Diabetes is a pesky monster. And thats putting it mildly. However, if you e serious about helping us head on, come join us.Most of our customers live with insulindependent diabetes. The everyday life with diabetes is often tedious and exhausting and thats exactly what we work on at mySugr. True to the motto make diabetes suck less, we develop awardwinning apps, integrate medical devices into our products and work with health insurance companies and to make life better with diabetes. Learn more through our recent TV commercial.Heres what we e looking for:We are growing fast and so is the number of our business partners. Thats why we e looking for somebody who wants to help keep our partners up to date. So you want to keep track of our products and performances. You want to get the unique opportunity to build and professionalize our business intelligence and serve as a sparring partner for business and productlevel decisions. If you enjoy working in a dynamic and fastpaced environment, you are selforganized and have a passion for scaling operations through automation, wed love to talk to you.What you want to do:Applying your expertise in quantitative analysis and data visualization to the story behind the numbers and giving actionable insights for internal and external stakeholders. Building analytical models to support decision making and being the goto ad hoc analysis needs. Improving our wonderful product by creating statistics and implementing a sustainable partner reporting. Developing and improving internal processes, driving accountability for business outcomes through KPI monitoring and review. Conceptualizing and building dashboards and reports that are simple and beautiful. Working effectively with crossfunctional teams, as well as working independently. Obtaining ownership over projects and initiatives. You should have:3 years of experience in data analytics and or business intelligence. Excel and SQL are your best friends. Understanding of how business numbers correlates. Ability to spot patterns in data and communicate key insights with confidence. Ability to multitask and handle various priorities, while maintaining a great attention to detail. Big excitement for numbers and their statistical power. Understanding of Python. Proficiency in English and German. Nice to haves:Knowledge of the diabetes industry or other comparable health industries. Experience working in startup environments. What to expect:Passionate people building meaningful, global products. A candid environment where people love to learn. A competitive annual large salary of minimum EUR 44k plus variable bonus. Additional social benefits (fitness, public transport,). Interested? Great. Wed like to hear from you! Show us samples of your previous work or anything else that you think impress us. Just click that  Apply Now button and send us your CV in English or German!. , 20180404T15: 20: 130200, FULLTIME, Vienna, 5270722, Internet, IT, Telekom, Getränke, Fitnessangebote, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, mySugr GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1055771226636logomysugrgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Schottenfeldgasse 693. 1, sameAs: mysugr. com
Junior ITConsultant Developer (mw) with first experience in BI undoder DWH environment, Junior ITConsultant developer (mw) with first experience in BI undoder DWH environment. xc2xbb ONLINE APPLICATION. to> day is your day !. TO> DAY Experts Oberösterreich GmbH is an Austrian project consulting company specializing in IT experts. We are constantly looking for highly qualified and experienced IT specialists. To expand our expert team south of Linz, we are looking for one now. Junior ITConsultant Developer (mw) with first prior experience in the BI undoder DWH field. Job description. Analysis of customer needs and conception of individual solutions. Development of business intelligence applications and tools. Create reports and data analyzes of economic and technical data. Create complex dashboards for the clear presentation of company-relevant data. They work with customers from a wide variety of industries (industry, logistics, IT, etc.) on innovative ways to advance topics such as predictive maintenance analytics, process automation, or similar. Conditions. Completed IT training (HTL, FH, Uni) and / or relevant work experience. Good knowledge of object-oriented software and database development. Initial experience with Microsoft PowerBI and / or Data Warehouses is an advantage. Interest and motivation to develop steadily in this field together with SeniorConsultants. Solution-oriented work and teamwork. Communicative appearance and a good dose of humor. Terms Conditions. The offered monthly gross salary is from 2. 650, EUR. The actual payment and a possible overpayment depends on relevant work experience and qualification. For this position, we are looking for people with a love for technology and a structured way of working. It offers a professional environment and the chance to develop technically. Convince us with your documents !. We look forward to receiving your online application including cover letter, photo, certificates and CV (including information about your education and experience, as well as details of your expertise). Alternatively, send us your documents as a pdf to officeooe @ todayexperts. com.Kontakt. TODAY Experts Upper Austria GmbH. Gruberstrasse 1711a, 4020 Linz. Florian Manzenreiter. 43 732 78 24 33. officeooe @ todayexperts. com. xc2xbb ONLINE APPLICATION. , 20180404T15: 58: 360200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5270797, Personnel services, Training and further education, Employee events, Employee bonuses, TODAY Experts GmbH, kcdn. atcompany518403194258todaylogogrnklein. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1110, Guglgasse 154b3. OG, sameAs: todayexperts. com
Senior Digital Analyst Data Scientist (mf), I want to work for a company that thinks big, but doesn make me feel small Enhancing quality of life and contributing to a healthier future will shape everything we do together. At Nestlxc3xa9 you will have the support and encouragement to achieve true fulfilment, by growing professionally and personally, collaborating with colleagues and partners, diverse in cultures and ways of thinking. Wyeth Nutrition has pioneered innovative nutrition science with premiumquality products that meet the needs of infants, young children and adults. For our head office in Vienna, we are currently looking for a motivated. Senior Digital Analyst Data Scientist (mf). Your tasks:Deliver digital marketing, consumer, customer EBusiness insights reports to internal stakeholders. Drive the integration of business relevant data sources to enable 360 degree, datadriven decision making and business intelligence analytics requirements. Development and set up of KPIs Establish benchmarks. Provide business intelligence insights and analytical management reports. Full data analysis, reporting and visualization in dashboards. Support stakeholder decisionmaking and digital product maintenance. Recommend optimization to enhance reporting. Maintain standard architecture principles to guide markets. Your profile:Graduate in applied statistics, econometrics, data science, business analytics or a relevant field. Strong digital affinity, passionate about digital technologies, orientation towards the web and software applications. Several years of professional experience within the research, data or business analytics fields, ideally in a digital environment. Relevant experience in data analysis and reporting results to senior colleagues or management as well as presenting results to CXOlevel. Proficient in data management, data analysis, data visualization and creating dashboards, e. g. Tableau, PowerBI. Demonstrated success of implementing analytical tools, scriptingautomation, web scraping. Analytical, detailoriented, structured, precise, unbiased, methodological and disciplined approach to data analysis. Good knowledge of programming in statistical tools, e. g. R, Stata, SPSS. Proficient in advanced mathematics and statistics (time series, econometrics, statistical modelling, multivariate statistical analysis, hypothesis testing). Passionate about data mining, big data, DWHETL, machine learning, neural networks. Comfortable with both relational databases and advanced database queries, e. g. SQL and objectoriented programming parsing in scripting languages, e. g. Python, VBA. Advanced understanding of Excel, excellent selforganization skills and fluency in English are presumed, other languages like German, Chinese or French are a plus. We offer you:Dynamic and flexible team within a corporate structure. Multinational and multicultural environment. Flexible working time. Attractive payment according to personal qualifications and experience, but definitely a minimum of EUR 3. 500 gross per month. Additional benefits (food subsidy). High level of individual responsibility and scope for development. Be part of our team! We are looking forward to receiving your relevant application documents online at nestle. atjobs. Your contact person for this position is Angela Hönisch, BA. , 20180405T10: 43: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5270843, Nahrungs, Genussmittel, , Nestle Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany13359381480logonestlesterreichgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1120, Am Euro Platz 2, sameAs: nestle. com
C #. NET Software Engineer (mw), C #. NET Software Engineer (mw). Technology Linz, Austria. C # NET Big Data AIpowered Cloud Monitoring Distributed Systems. Do you enjoy working in an agile development environment and looking for new technical challenges? Are you not satisfied with meager compromises, but want to find outstanding and innovative solutions? Do you see more than just a profession in software development, namely your vocation? Then we would be happy to meet you !. With high quality standards and state-of-the-art technologies, we convince customers like Apple, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading Digital Performance Management System has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Their future role in the team. Actively co-design the next generation of our Dynatrace Performance Monitoring Solution with experienced development teams and product management. Deep insights into the Windows Profiler API. Look behind the façade of the Core CLR to understand how it works and to use it for performance monitoring. Use of additional tools such as WinDbg, Fusion Log or ProcMon. Our expectations of you. Completed software engineering education (HTL, FH or University) or equivalent practical experience. First work experience in software development with C #. Knowledge of one of the following areas is of advantage: WCF, ASP. NET, ADO. NET, ASP. NET WebAPI, .NET Threading, NET AsyncAwait. Personally, you convince with your independent, accurate and creative way of working and your joy in learning new technologies. You will feel comfortable with us, if. You are looking for challenging tasks with the latest technologies. I like to work in a team and appreciate an open exchange. You are welcome to bring in new ideas and implement them proactively. We offer an entry gross salary starting from EUR 39. 200 (UniFH degree) , However, depending on qualifications and experience, we offer a significantly higher gross monthly salary. We look forward to your meaningful application !. Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180405T07: 52: 200200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5271372, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Parking Lot, Easy Access, Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transportation subsidy, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Global Chief of Digital Business (mf): Expat in the USA, Global Chief of Digital Business (mf): Expat in the USA. Technology Linz, Austria. Best Customer Experience Innovative Big Data Analytics Software as a Service Digital Transformation SelfDriving IT. Excited about extending #1 market and #1 product leadership by striving for the worlds best customer experience? Could you imagine to live in Detroit for at least 3 years?. If you are a technology visionary for digital business and lead by example, you can work handinhand with our SVP Product Management, CTO and our CFO to put this vision in place. At the end of a 3month training period in Linz, you will be ready for your exciting challenge in our Detroit office.Your role. Global strategic and operational responsibility for leading employee and customer facing digital services. Leverage softwaredefinedeverything.Define an innovative mix of justthebest people, artificial intelligence, analytics, driving customer facing employee effectivity and great execution. Drive company growth and customer retention through the worlds most innovative, smartest and effective digital business environment. Leverage bigdata analytics to drive business rapidly forward.Build worldclass teams through hiring, coaching and developing empowered smart employees where everyone is a leader in its own way (especially sales and services teams). Your profile. Minimum of 10 years of experience as?CTO, Startup Founder, Software Engineering Lead?or?Product Management Lead in an agile environment. Entrepreneurial, outcomeoriented and reducetothemax mindset (designing use cases endtoend without over engineering). Driving solutions by excellence not by hierarchy and leading through empowerment, not authoritarian. Demonstrated passion for leading through coaching and mentoring. Willingness to live in Detroit for at least 3 years. Your team. Excellent Team who takes full pride and responsibility on operations and outcome. Responsibilities and team will grow with success.Agile collaboration with top stakeholders from Sales, Services, RD, Finance, Support. Diverse and international?workplace (e. g. Detroit, Linz, Boston, Barcelona, Tokyo). Why join Dynatrace. Global Leader?in Performance Management and leader of Gartners MQ for the 8th year in a row. Hispeed Hitec company with flat hierarchy and open culture. Unique SaaS approach that allows us to own the Enterprise Cloud Market and provide an extraordinary customer experience. BizDevOpsNoOps environment with selfhealing, selfdriving IT automation. OpenDoor policy, learning from each other, facing challenges and celebrating success together as a team. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 80, 000 gross per year (based on fulltime). We offer a market conform salary in line with qualifications and experience.Seeing is believing. Check out the Dynatrace?free trial and apply online.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynatrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High Tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table soccer. , 20180405T07: 52: 210200, FULLTIME, Linz, Oberösterreich, AT, 5271373, Internet, IT, Telekom, Snacks, Getränke, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Barrierefreiheit, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Mitarbeiterprämien, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Data Analyst, founded by Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen, lived by our unique employees in a strong co-operation. One another. Become a part of it and apply for our team in the IT Data Ware House department as: Data Analyst. The main tasks: Planning and controlling the data governance activities. Support and training of different roles in Data Governance. Creation and ongoing maintenance of the Data Governance Policy. DataAnalyst activities related to the bank-technical data model. Specialist and Coordinator of Data Integrity. Expert for the Raiffeisen DWH for the Raiffeisen Banking Group Vorarlberg. Participation and support in project planning. The requirements: Business Informatics graduate. Knowledge of Relational Databases (SQL). Experience with reporting tools (eg IBM Cognos) is an advantage. Bank basic training (of advantage). Programming knowledge (eg SQL). Our salary range begins with a minimum annual gross salary of 40,000, 00 EUR. Your contact person. Subject. oec. Hannes Gort, T: 43 5574 405 209 will contact you. Apply online now!. , 20180405T07: 59: 060200, FULLTIME, Vorarlberg, Vorarlberg, AT, 5271385, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, Raiffeisen Banking Group Vorarlberg, kcdn. atcompany17667329216logoraiffeisenlandesbankvorarlberg. companymid. gif, Bregenz, 6900, Rheinstrasse 11, sameAs:
Software Developer Enterprise Application Integration (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. Software Developer Enterprise Application Integration (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: You face a variety of challenges in various areas of the company and thus get an insight into the diverse application landscape. The forward-looking development of innovative system components, solution concepts and architectures (software and / or system architecture, embedding in the corporate strategy). Implementation of backend system integration through the practical application of Integration Design Patterns based on Oracle SOA Suite 12c and J2EE will prove your Java skills. Design and development, analysis and integration of Web APIs and REST services for different domains (eg ECommerce) using API management. Consulting, support and support of national and international projects in the requirements analysis and in the technology management. Together with an ambitious team you work on the optimization and further development of our innovative EAI system components and infrastructure. If you are interested and committed, you take the responsibility of the disciplinary team leader. They offer: Successfully completed IT training (HTL, FH, University) or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. Coding experience in Java or another comparable high-level language. High standards of product quality, self-responsibility in development, analytical thinking and a dose of creativity in the implementation of solutions. Solid knowledge in LinuxUnix, as well as experience with database systems. Experience with common protocols like HTTP, SFTP, XML and JSON. Practical experience with Continuous Integration, GIT, Open API or PaaS. Customer orientation, communication and team skills. Good German and English skills. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180405T09: 24: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5271595, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Applications Engineer mw in cloud and data science environment, job number: 62542. Applications Engineer mw in cloud and data science environment. Place of work: Vienna. Squadra Personalmanagement is a TTI Group company. Under the motto xe2x80x9eKarriere für Menschen  we see ourselves as a competent partner in the placement of qualified specialists and executives. For our client, a successful IT company based in southern Vienna, we are currently looking for a dedicated Applications Engineer (mw) in the cloud and data science environment. You can expect a varied activity in a pleasant corporate culture. Design of IT applications in the cloud, data science and IoT environment. Implementation of innovative IT applications. Requirements collection and administration. Creation of data models, architectures and solution concepts. Production of prototypes. Conditions. Completed technical education with a focus on software development. First professional experience in Java development desirable. Experience in data modeling and databases. In-depth knowledge of agile software development (SCRUM). Very good German and English. Personally you convince by solution orientation, stress resistance and team spirit. The position has a minimum basic salary of EUR 2.281, 92 gross per month. A market-conform overpayment starting from EUR 3. 500, 00 gross per month, depending on qualification and experience, is possible. Contact person: Monika Dießner, BA. Branch: Vienna Branch Opernring 1ETop 220 1010 Wien Phone: 43 1 5811315 5051 Application to: career. like @ squadra. at. xc2xbb Apply now. Live your profession. , 20180405T09: 57: 240200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5271643, Personnel Services, Parking, Training, Squadra Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany178281920996logo. companymid. gif, AschbachMarkt, 3361, Unterer Markt 4, sameAs: squadra. at
Trainees System Application Engineering (fm), Trainees System Application Engineering (femalemale). Do you have what it takes to be a Systems Engineer?. Robotics and industrial internet of things don sound like the newest science fiction novel to you, but rather like the future of mechanical engineering? If so, we should definitely talk. As one of the worlds leading specialists in automation technology, we are true trailblazers taking Industrie 4. 0 to the next level. And we are looking for trainees to augment our Systems Engineering team to crucially enhance our international team for the future. Join us and learn!. What you can expect from us:Not just theory, but a whole lot of handson experience, too, in machine automation, software engineering, robotics and motion control. Analysis, projecting and solving of movement and control challenges. Introduction to the IIoT (industrial internet of things) and digital services, from machine installation to the cloud and mobile apps. Work on internal and international projects for our customers in a wide variety of industries. Joint learning with international trainee colleagues. Training at our company headquarters in Hamelin and rotating regional Lenze facilities. Individualised coaching and mentoring throughout the program and into subsequent job entry. Multitude of opportunities for networking and team building. Youd like to complete a wellrounded, professional trainee programme that will ideally prepare you for a job as a Systems Engineer at Lenze? If so, send us your application materials via email to Martijn Theunissen (Global Head of Applications Support) Email: martijn. theunissen@lenze. com. , 20180405T11: 34: 000200, FULLTIME, Asten, Oberösterreich, AT, 5271762, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Obst, Kinderbetreuung, Lenze Austria, kcdn. atcompany19378384336logolenzeaustriaholdinggmbh. companymid. gif, Asten, 4481, IpfLandesstraße 1, sameAs: lenze. comdeat
Junior BackendDeveloper, micardo is a young startup from Graz that offers the first cross-country price comparison for cars. As the first platform in the world, we charge xe2x80x9the price  at the front door, including all transport costs and taxes (eg NoVA). It does not matter if the car is in Austria, Germany or Belgium. Through this Europe-wide selection (28x as much as in Austria) you can save several thousand euros. On request, the vehicle can also be ordered online, and will be delivered ready for delivery including a warranty in front of your door.if (and love ( Java )). workAs ( Junior Backend Developer ) ;. Full time (40h) part time (at least 20h) in Graz. You are a passionate backend developer and want to do a lot in an aspiring startup? You effortlessly juggle huge amounts of data, laying the foundation for really cool features? You want to develop yourself and your skills and use brand new technologies? Then you are exactly right with us!. Tasks. > 1 year practice in the development of Java Server applications, including build tools like Maven. Experience with NoSQL technologies (DokumentDBs, KeyValue stores,), ideally also with search indices (Elasticsearch, Solr). first contact with modern paradigms of data processing (streams, reactivity), and ideally with frameworks xc3xa0 la Kafka, Flink, Spark ,. Practice at the base of the TechStack to deploy, run and monitor developments in a distributed Linux environment. The will to independently learn new things, to implement quickly, and bring them live. Flexibility and understanding for fast pace in the startup environment. optional and very desirable: basic knowledge about the practical use of machine learning (ETL, training, forecasting classification, error control). Knowledge in the field of search engines (web technologies, indexing, scoring). Interest in cars, as well as experience with auto search and purchase on the Internet. Your tasks. You develop the backend-sided core of our product, test your solutions comprehensively, and bring them directly online. In addition, you ensure a smooth live operation and work continuously to improve the functionality, integrity and performance of our application. When you design new solutions, you actively participate and work in close collaboration with our senior developers. You faithfully document your work, communicate your progress on your own, and consistently pursue our common goals. What we offer you. Office in the center of Graz. A relaxed atmosphere in a young team with many years of professional experience. Support in technical special topics and technical decisions. Interested in everything you bring in we like to learn from you !. Team activities from AfterWorkBeer to joint excursions (Vienna Auto Show, Ski Day,) or the companys Christmas party. (extremely !!) fast internet and free coffee;). For this full-time position (part-time starting from 20h possible), according to the collective agreement, a salary of at least EUR 35,000 per year is planned. Willingness to overpay depending on qualification and experience. We look forward to receiving your application at jobs @ micardo. com!. micardo GmbH Nikolaiplatz 4, 8020 Graz micardo. com DI Florian König (CTO) 43 699 11011926 florian. @ royal MICARDO. com. , 20180405T13: 44: 000200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5271900, Internet, IT, Telecom,, micardo GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1114533178664logoauto120917. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, Nikolaiplatz 4, sameAs: micardo. com
QM Project Management Digitization (wm), Our pursuit of solutions leads us through all the processes of product development, depending on the challenge and requirement of our customers. We have been successfully developing for almost 30 years for the automotive and their supply industry, for the engineering and electronics industry. At our sites in SierningSteyr, Munich and Ludwigsburg near Stuttgart, or at our local customers, we implement our projects. For the use of our customer, an internationally known automobile manufacturer, we are looking for: QM Project Manager Digitalization (wm). Your responsibilities. Project responsibility in the area of ​​big data and advanced analytics. Interpretation, analysis and preparation of data. Cross-site work in the team of the entire group of companies. Interface function between research partners and internal expert teams. Moderation of workshops and project management content. Concept development and implementation. Dealing with innovative future trends. Our requirements: Completed technical studies (FHUni) in the field of automotive engineering, production engineering, o. Ä.Berufserfahrung with statistics. Communication and team skills. Ability to work independently. Safe and friendly appearance. Very good German and English spoken and written. Our offer to you. Co-design of high-tech diesel and petrol engines. Working in an exciting, promising environment. Autonomous work in a team. Interesting, varied activities. Work in the most modern environment for high-end products. This item is subject to a minimum basic salary of EUR 3. 390 gross per month, with the willingness to overpay in line with market conditions, depending on the specific qualifications and professional experience. We have aroused your interest? Then send your meaningful application to Mr. Mag Armin Pachinger, Email: bewerbung @ bitter. at, Web: bitter. At all other possibilities, we discuss at a first personal meeting. BITTER GmbH xe2x80xa2 Business Street 12 xe2x80xa2 A4522 Sierning xe2x80xa2 Phone 43 7259 32 223 0 xe2x80xa2 office @ bitter. at. xe2x80xa6 excited by technology !. , 20180405T15: 41: 000200, FULLTIME, Sierning, Upper Austria, AT, Steyr, Upper Austria, AT, 5271955, vehicle construction, suppliers,, Bitter GmbH, kcdn. atcompany9526594681logobittergmbh. companymid. gif, Sierning, 4522, Gewerbestraße 12, sameAs: bitter. at
Master Data Manager (mf), Come join us and become a part of our world. Together we can discover new ways to improve and extend peoples lives. As part of the global Novartis Group our sites in Kundl and Schaftenau are specialized in development and production of antibiotics and biologics.Master Data Manager (mf). Aseptics External Supply Operations Schaftenau. Area of ResponsibilityResponsible Local Master Data Maintenance (Material Master). create new material master records, global and local material types except packaging materials and technical materials. request of global material types at Global Master Data. maintain (change) material master records. Monitoring of material master maintenance process. Continuous master data monitoring in cooperation with affected departments. Creation of Master Data records in support of Accounts Transfer from other locations to Schaftenau ESO Center. Trouble shooting for material master related issues. Data cleansing. initiate and coordinate internal pruning process. coordinate external pruning process. check missing or wrong fields in material master record. Single point of contact for material master record. Collaboration in localglobal supply chain initiativesprojects. Supporting other relevant team members (SOMs, Implementation of life cycle events, Customer Service etc. ) with all Master Data requirements and analysis as needed. Qualifications. Education: University degree or equivalent in Business, Economics or related field Languages: fluent in German and English Experience: Professional experience in supply chain management, logistics, purchasing or production. Deep knowledge of complex supply and logistics processes. Knowledge of SAPR3. Please apply online under the following link Online Application (Job ID 238055BR) Contact: Christina Ressmann, Staffing Manager. We offer a marketcompetitive base salary in line with your qualification, experience and individual competencies. Additionally we offer an attractive incentive program, a modern company pension scheme, childcare facilities, learning development options and worldwide career opportunities within the Novartis group. The base pay is composed of the respective amount according to the Austrian collective agreement (at least 34, 142. 50 EUR per year), plus a potential market oriented excess payment.Sandoz GmbH Biochemiestrasse 10 6250 Kundl, Austria Tel. 053382000 novartis. at. , 20180406T10: 07: 000200, FULLTIME, Schaftenau, 5272072, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, , Novartis, kcdn. atcompany24813220169untitled. companymid. jpg, Kundl, 6250, Sandoz GmbH, Biochemiestraße 10, sameAs: novartis. at
Product Manager In Data Technology Environment, Post Search.PRODUCT MANAGER IN DATA ITUMFELD. Region: Wien, Employment: unlimited, Occupational Area: Marketing. You want to shape the future? Product management is Entrepreneurship and Design space for you under consideration of economic key figures? You enjoy working in a technical environment and implement ideas consistently and independently? Then we look forward to your application !. Österreichische Post AG is the leading provider of innovative physical postal services and digital solutions in the B2B sector with its Mail Solutions business segment. The Data and Address Management department is looking for energetic and professional support to strengthen the team !. Take advantage of this career opportunity at our headquarters in 1030 Vienna !. Your tasks. Product management for existing products including process optimization. Innovation Management, Business Development and Design of new products. Development of marketing activities and product documentation. Optimization of products and realization of additional sales opportunities. Development of sales promotion measures in coordination with management product management, marketing and sales. Creation of the legal framework, development of terms and conditions and customer contracts in close consultation with lawyers. Budget planning, reporting, revenue security. Conditions. Completed economic or technical education (FH or degree). Optimally experience in product management product development in a technical environment. Well-versed handling of databases and software products. Very good MSOffice knowledge. Negotiable English. Interest in technical and operational relationships. If your own initiative, communication skills, high service and solution orientation as well as team spirit are among your strengths, we look forward to hearing from you. Your salary depends on your experience and qualifications, but at least EUR 44. 000, (gross annual salary, allin including bonus). Apply. , 20180406T07: 43: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5272282, Logistics, Transportation, Canteen, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Facilities, Good Connections, Education & Training, Educational Leave Out, Flexible Working Hours, Employee Benefits, Employee Participation, Österreichische Post AG , kcdn. atcompany4985342840logosterreichischepostag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rochusplatz 1, sameAs: post. at
Data Analyst (mw) Analyst looking for Customer Experience data, Data Analyst (mw) AnalystIn looking for Customer Experience data. (Jn 39311) Place of work: Greater Wels. Our client is a popular trading company that attaches great importance to its employees and has made a name for itself as an attractive employer. Your future role. Driving forward and building up the Customer Experience Management area. Analyze and create custom data and metrics. Designing reports, interpreting the data and deriving CEM strategies. Defining customer segments and profiles. They offer. Completed education with a focus on computer science, mathematics or statistics (UniFH). Professional experience in data analysis or reporting. Experience in dealing with Excel (VBA applications) as well as with BI or data analysis tools (eg statistical software R). Number affinity and analytical thinking. The special thing about this position. Due to the size, variety and complexity of the enterprise, analytical minds who love large amounts of data find a varied and exciting challenge. Minimum salary EUR 3200 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3200 and EUR 4000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Daniela Kapl (4373261122184), daniela. kapl @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180406T07: 55: 190200, FULLTIME, Greater Wels, 5272318, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Manager Chip Architecture for Magnetic and Pressure Sensors (fm), Manager Chip Architecture for Magnetic and Pressure Sensors (fm). At a glance. You want to take a leading role in our cuttingedge sensors development? You enjoy working in an international, crossfunctional setting and want to go for an adventure abroad? Apply now and guide a team of concept engineers defining the architecture of our next generation of magnetic and pressure sensors.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 27115. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to spend up to 3 years abroad at our vibrant RD center in Bucharest where 300 engineers are developing automotive and security solutions covering every step from concept to mass production.In the course of your longterm assignment, you will in particular cover the following tasks:Leading a team of concept engineers defining the architecture of our sensor chips. Understand product requirements and translate them into development specifications for innovative Sensor chips with your team. Manage your direct reports including recruiting, performance assessment, coaching, training and development. Personnel resource planning in alignment with project managers. Alignment of project tasks with all other functional areas (Circuit Design, Test Development, Component Verification, Application Engineering, etc. ). Alignment of tools and processes with other sites and central functions. Definition and implementation of working processes. Cooperation with universities and research partners. Supporting our department and site manager. Profile. You take over leadership in your work with your team, management and interdisciplinary partners and you have the ability to keep flexible even in a complex working environment. Furthermore, quality and keeping commitments is important for you.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A University degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Microelectronics, Physics, Automation Computer Sciences or related disciplines. Management and leadership experience in an industrial environment. Ideally 6 years of RD working experience within the semiconductor industry. Skills in simulation and modelling of electronic systems including appropriate tools (e. g. SystemC, MatLab xe2x80xa6). Experience in systempartitioning of electronic systems. Good understanding of development processes for system or product development. Fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment Group J (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180406T07: 59: 390200, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5272347, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Manager Component Verification for Magnetic Sensor ICs (fm), Manager Component Verification for Magnetic Sensor ICs (fm). At a glance. You are searching for a new challenge and are open for an international adventure? You like to drive innovation through your technical and personal contribution? This is your chance! Here at Infineon, we strive to make life smarter, safer and greener, with our sensor solutions being one of the key elements. Join us as Component Verification Manager for Magnetic Sensor ICs and enrich our team with your leadership and technical skills.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 27114. Start. immediatelyType. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to spend up to 3 years abroad at our vibrant RD center in Bucharest where 300 engineers are developing automotive and security solutions covering every step from concept to mass production.In the course of your longterm assignment, you will in particular cover the following tasks:Lead the Component Verification Team and manage your direct reports, including recruiting, performance assessment, coaching, training and development. Personnel resource planning in alignment with project managers. Alignment of project tasks with all other functional areas (Concept Engineering, AnalogDigital Design, Test Development, Application Engineering, etc. ). Ensure continuous improvement, productivity and quality of development processes. Drive innovation activities in component verification methods (mostly in separate, dedicated projects). Achieve a high execution quality of the component verification team (in time, budget, quality, competitiveness). Possibly act as project manager for methodology projects. Ensure that processes and quality guidelines are followed. Profile. You are a team player with strong leadership skills who is committed to highquality standards. Your working style is process oriented and you have the ability to keep flexible even in a complex working environment.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A University degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Microelectronics or equivalent degree. Ideally 5 years of practical component verification experience in the semiconductor industry. Good understanding of measurement instruments and lab automation toolsflows (e. g. LabView). Sound leadership experience preferably in an RD environment. Knowledge of automotive sensor applications and magnetic sensors as an advantage. Experience in ISO26262 compliant verificationvalidation of automotive products as a big plus. Fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment Group I (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180406T07: 59: 400200, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5272348, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Manager Chip Architecture for Magnetic and Pressure Sensors (fm), Manager Chip Architecture for Magnetic and Pressure Sensors (fm). At a glance. You want to take a leading role in our cuttingedge sensors development? You enjoy working in an international, crossfunctional setting and want to go for an adventure abroad? Apply now and guide a team of concept engineers defining the architecture of our next generation of magnetic and pressure sensors.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 27104. Start. May 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to spend up to 3 years abroad at our vibrant RD center in Bucharest where 300 engineers are developing automotive and security solutions covering every step from concept to mass production.In the course of your longterm assignment, you will in particular cover the following tasks:Leading a team of concept engineers defining the architecture of our sensor chips. Understand product requirements and translate them into development specifications for innovative Sensor chips with your team. Manage your direct reports including recruiting, performance assessment, coaching, training and development. Personnel resource planning in alignment with project managers. Alignment of project tasks with all other functional areas (Circuit Design, Test Development, Component Verification, Application Engineering, etc. ). Alignment of tools and processes with other sites and central functions. Definition and implementation of working processes. Cooperation with universities and research partners. Supporting our department and site manager. Profile. You take over leadership in your work with your team, management and interdisciplinary partners and you have the ability to keep flexible even in a complex working environment. Furthermore, quality and keeping commitments is important for you.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A University degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Microelectronics, Physics, Automation Computer Sciences or related disciplines. Management and leadership experience in an industrial environment. Ideally 6 years of RD working experience within the semiconductor industry. Skills in simulation and modelling of electronic systems including appropriate tools (e. g. SystemC, MatLab xe2x80xa6). Experience in systempartitioning of electronic systems. Good understanding of development processes for system or product development. Fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment Group J (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.The City of Villach is located in the center of Carinthia, Austrias southernmost province, in close proximity to the Italian and Slovenian border. Due to its particular geographic location and the outstanding natural beauty of the region, Villach and the whole province of Carinthia have for generations been popular holiday destinations for people from all over the world. Its unique landscape combines mountains and valleys, lakes and rivers, city and countryside. In addition to the favorable geographic location, living in Austria also has many social, healthcarerelated and economic perks. The countrys social and health care system is among the best in the world and for decades numerous international surveys have singled out Austria as a particularly safe and wealthy country with a high quality of life. Villach benefits from its status as a small town, offering everyday living at affordable prices in an outstanding setting. So its no surprise that the city on the river Drau is considered the home of worklife balance.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us: welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180406T07: 59: 420200, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5272349, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Manager Component Verification for Magnetic Sensor ICs (fm), Manager Component Verification for Magnetic Sensor ICs (fm). At a glance. You are searching for a new challenge and are open for an international adventure? You like to drive innovation through your technical and personal contribution? This is your chance! Here at Infineon, we strive to make life smarter, safer and greener, with our sensor solutions being one of the key elements. Join us as Component Verification Manager for Magnetic Sensor ICs and enrich our team with your leadership and technical skills.Quick info. Location. Villach. Entry level. Professionals experienced. Job ID. 27091. Start. May 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to spend up to 3 years abroad at our vibrant RD center in Bucharest where 300 engineers are developing automotive and security solutions covering every step from concept to mass production.In the course of your longterm assignment, you will in particular cover the following tasks:Lead the Component Verification Team and manage your direct reports, including recruiting, performance assessment, coaching, training and development. Personnel resource planning in alignment with project managers. Alignment of project tasks with all other functional areas (Concept Engineering, AnalogDigital Design, Test Development, Application Engineering, etc. ). Ensure continuous improvement, productivity and quality of development processes. Drive innovation activities in component verification methods (mostly in separate, dedicated projects). Achieve a high execution quality of the component verification team (in time, budget, quality, competitiveness). Possibly act as project manager for methodology projects. Ensure that processes and quality guidelines are followed. Profile. You are a team player with strong leadership skills who is committed to highquality standards. Your working style is process oriented and you have the ability to keep flexible even in a complex working environment.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A University degree in ElectricalElectronic Engineering, Microelectronics or equivalent degree. Ideally 5 years of practical component verification experience in the semiconductor industry. Good understanding of measurement instruments and lab automation toolsflows (e. g. LabView). Sound leadership experience preferably in an RD environment. Knowledge of automotive sensor applications and magnetic sensors as an advantage. Experience in ISO26262 compliant verificationvalidation of automotive products as a big plus. Fluent English skills. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment Group I (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow. We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.The City of Villach is located in the center of Carinthia, Austrias southernmost province, in close proximity to the Italian and Slovenian border. Due to its particular geographic location and the outstanding natural beauty of the region, Villach and the whole province of Carinthia have for generations been popular holiday destinations for people from all over the world. Its unique landscape combines mountains and valleys, lakes and rivers, city and countryside. In addition to the favorable geographic location, living in Austria also has many social, healthcarerelated and economic perks. The countrys social and health care system is among the best in the world and for decades numerous international surveys have singled out Austria as a particularly safe and wealthy country with a high quality of life. Villach benefits from its status as a small town, offering everyday living at affordable prices in an outstanding setting. So its no surprise that the city on the river Drau is considered the home of worklife balance.Find out what you like most about Villach and join us: welcome2villach. at. Apply now!. , 20180406T07: 59: 430200, FULLTIME, Villach, Kärnten, AT, 5272350, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Application Architect (mw), 10739. 38. Innovative. Reliable. Human. Since 1979 we support our customers in Austria in their innovative projects. With the in-depth and broad know-how of our consultants, we are at the forefront of technology service providers in Europe. For our well-known customer in southern Vienna, we are looking for one now. Application Architect (mw). Your tasks: Responsible for the implementation of innovative IT applications. Design of modern IT applications in the cloud, data science and IoT environment. Requirement engineering. Create data models, architectures and solution concepts. Cooperation in the creation of prototypes. Coaching the developer (CICD, code quality). Acquisition of presales activities as well as development as a subject matter expert and assumption of overarching architecture topics (if interested). Your qualifications: Completed technical education with a focus on software development or equivalent professional experience. Professional experience in Java development as well as experience in data modeling (UML, Java) and databases. Good knowledge in agile software development (SCRUM). Practical experience and understanding of architecture and application of business applications (ECM, ERP, BPMN, etc.) and modern applications. Experience and / or interest in one of these topics: Cloud, Data Science or IoT advantageous. Very good German and English spoken and written. Responsible and dedicated personality that keeps track of stressful situations. Analytical-conceptual skills as well as solution-oriented work. Our offer: Balanced WorkLife Balance. Long-term career planning. Excellent individual development opportunities at the IVM campus. Interesting and challenging job in an internationally successful company. Sympathetic and competent team. Active participation with plenty of scope for initiative in a highly qualified, family-friendly team. Benefits such as modern workplace infrastructure, food subsidies, subway proximity, profit sharing, shopping discounts and similar. v. m. Admission: from now on, full-time employment in a permanent employment relationship. Take on the challenge and shape a future together !. For your application, please use the link to our online application or send your documents to: welcome @ ivm. at.IVM Technical Consultants Vienna Ges. m. b. H. Schönbrunner Allee 15 2331 Vienna Vösendorf.For this position, a monthly gross salary of EUR 3,600 applies, bidding is a market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and experience. Online application. Your contact: Mr. Dipl. Ing. Christian Wurm is available to answer your questions! Tel.: 43 (1) 698888038., 20180406T08: 04: 470200, FULLTIME, Southern Vienna, 5272370, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Mental Health, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Parking, Good Connections, Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible Working Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, IVM Technical Consultants, kcdn. atcompany1740296460logoivmtechnicalconsultants. companymid. jpg, Vienna Vösendorf, 2331, Schönbrunner Allee 15, sameAs: ivm. at
Marketing Analytics Manager (fm) @ A1 Digital International GmbH, Marketing Analytics Manager (fm) @ A1 Digital International GmbH. A1 Digital is part of the A1 Telekom Austria Group. A set of innovative and scalable Cloud and IoT services qualify A1 Digital as partner of choice for digital midmarket projects. The target market is Europe and it includes CEE countries where A1 Telekom Austria Group is already active as well as additional Western European markets, above and foremost Germany. With several years of relevant experience in the field of IoT and some of the leading datacenters in Europe, A1 Digital is well set to support its customers with best of breed solutions.Tasks. You build a 360 degree view of our customers with owned and third party data.You manage customer data (demographic and behavioural data) incl. defining data architecture and maintenance.You translate use cases into data selection criteria and triggering data analysis as a basis for marketing campaigns.You build statistical pattern and propensity models that feed into marketing automation programmes.Requirements. Masters degree in IT, data science, statistics or similar experienceMinimum of 4 yearsEUR experience in business intelligenceDatabase management and interface management between various databasesExperience in statistical modellingProven experience in database design and architectureExperience in predictive modelling and big data projectsGood understanding of English and German. Your personality. Team playerCuriosity to understand customer behaviourDynamic handson approachProblem solving, positive can do attitude. There are many possibilities to develop in our company! Seize the chance, evolve and use the possibility to make your career! We are looking forward to your application!. As A1 Telekom Austria AG our goal is to increase the proportion of women in the entire company, and we have developed measures to promote women. We would be happy to interest women in the position currently available and invite them to apply.Our performancebasedsalary models reward extraordinary commitment and success. The minimum annual gross salary according to the collective agreement of Telekom Austria AG is EUR 43. 964, 14. The actual annual salary depends on your qualifications and professional experience.Your application. Apply online here: a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180406T08: 04: 490200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5272372, Internet, IT, Telekom, Paten MentorenProgramm, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Big Data IoT System Engineer, Big Data IoT System Engineer. Call for tender number: 28277 Tender valid until: 30. 04. 2018 Place of employment: Vienna. The ÖBB Group consists of 3 joint stock companies, which under the strategic umbrella of ÖBBHolding AG cover all business segments of the modern mobility chain and thus are the means of transport of the future as a strong, environmentally friendly rail. The ÖBBBusiness Competence Center GmbH offers a wide range of products and services as an internal service provider. With approx. 1. 450 employees throughout Austria, we see ourselves as a competent partner and provide service and consultancy services for the entire ÖBB Group. Our data centers, the IT infrastructure for the operation of more than 1000 IT applications of all kinds, are in constant change. xe2x80x9eBig datasets  are not new to us, but xe2x80x9eBIG DATA  is a challenge to meet the requirements of business processes to IT. You have experience in building a Data HubData Lake, familiar with MQTT, Apache KafkaCamel via Hadoop (HDFS, YARN, Hive, Spark, xe2x80xa6) and ZooKeeper and are interested in working independently and independently ?. Remit. Planning, construction and further development of a BIG DATA infrastructure. ConsultingSupport in data management (ingest, process, store). Coordination of the commercial and technical parameters for the BIG DATA infrastructure to provide the services. Conducting ongoing market observations, you are the professional xe2x80x9e single point of contact for the technology provider. Advice on requests for data services. Communication tasks (eg information exchange, customer communication, xe2x80xa6). Support of the operation in the analysis and solution within the problem management. Requirements. Many years of relevant professional experience in the IT infrastructure and / or experience in the BIG DATA and IoT environment. Database knowledge relational multi-dimensional Nosql databases etc.Analytical thinking, structured solution-oriented way of working. ImplementationCoordination of complex customer ordersProjects. Team orientation. Selection process. Interview. We offer. You can expect a pleasant working atmosphere, flexible working hours interesting training and further education opportunities. Furthermore, there are offers of health management and service social areas such as holiday homes, travel agency or housing service. The collective agreement minimum wage (according to KV for employees of enterprises in the field of services in the automatic data processing and information technology) amounts for the function of the  Senior specialist IT service systems engineering  EUR 41. 776, 00 gross-year, with the readiness for overpayment. Have we piqued your interest? Then we look forward to your meaningful ONLINE application (including CV, letter of motivation) via the ÖBBBerufsbörse. We have set ourselves the goal of increasing the proportion of women. Therefore, we are particularly pleased about applications from women. Your contact person for content-related questions: Ing. Christian Müksch Mobile: 06648217394. to the online application. , 20180406T11: 34: 080200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5272644, logistics, transport, canteen, meal allowance, drinks, fruit, health measures, company doctor, fitness offers, company car, staff cell phone, staff notebook, accessibility, parking, good connection, off and Further education, child care, employee events, home office, employee benefits, ÖBB Group, kcdn. atcompany510682664473logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Am Hauptbahnhof 2, sameAs: oebb. atrailcargo. comholding. oebb. atbcc. oebb. atoebbimmobilien. atoebb. atinfrastrukturpersonenverkehr. oebb. atwerbung. oebb. atts. oebb. atmungos. atproduktion. oebb. atkarriere. atföbbpostbus
Research Software Engineer Artificial Intelligence (mf), MEDEL is a leading manufacturer of innovative medical devices for the treatment of various types and degrees of hearing loss. Our unique portfolio of implantable hearing solutions benefits thousands of individuals in more than 100 countries worldwide. With headquarters in Innsbruck, Austria, MEDEL has over 1900 employees around the world. In support of our continuing growth, we currently have an open position with focus on:Research Software Engineer – Artificial Intelligence (mf). RDAI11803 Innsbruck, Austria. Main Tasks. Building prototypes, as well as production ready machine learning systems. Leading the development of core product features. Influence the overall products strategy by helping define features, drive the system architecture and exercise the best practices. Working with cloud architectures and Web services. Requirements. Knowledge in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, data mining or artificial intelligence. Expert level programming skills; experience in developing applications using object oriented languages, knowledgeable in design patterns, standard frameworks and protocols; some experience in development and design of mobile applications would be a plus. Experience with Deep Learning techniques to solve languagerelated challenges; implementation level experience with opensource ML toolkits such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, Theano, etc.Bachelor, Master or PhD in Computer Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Electrical Engineering or related. Salary will be determined based on professional experience; the formal minimum salary according to Collective Bargaining Agreement is EUR 34, 999. 72 We offer a challenging opportunity in a multinational work environment with English as our company language. We look forward to receiving your application at jobs. medel. com. MEDEL Medical Electronics. Headquarters Fürstenweg 77a 6020 Innsbruck, Austria. Tel 43 (0) 5 7788 7788 jobs. medel. com. , 20180406T12: 18: 000200, FULLTIME, Innsbruck, Tirol, AT, 5272719, Gesundheitswesen, Soziales, , MEDEL Medical Electronics, kcdn. atcompany6643393434logomedelelektromedizinischegertegmbh. companymid. gif, Innsbruck, 6020, Fürstenweg 77a, sameAs: medel. com
Research Scientist Artificial Intelligence (mf), MEDEL is a leading manufacturer of innovative medical devices for the treatment of various types and degrees of hearing loss. Our unique portfolio of implantable hearing solutions benefits thousands of individuals in more than 100 countries worldwide. With headquarters in Innsbruck, Austria, MEDEL has over 1900 employees around the world. In support of our continuing growth, we currently have an open position with focus on:Research Scientist Artificial Intelligence (mf). RDAI21803 Innsbruck, Austria. Main Tasks. Design and implement algorithms, tools and methodologies in speechrelated research and voice interface design. Prototyping application; development of our own speech recognition and natural language processing algorithms and systems. Work with data and analytics in balance with open source technologies.Participate in the whole scope of application development. Requirements. Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, data mining or artificial intelligence. Experience with Deep Learning techniques to solve novel language challenges. Implementation level experience with any of opensource ML toolkits such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, Theano; understanding of how to build and tune large scale machine learning systems.Some experience with Kaldi, DeepSpeech and similar projects would be a plus. Experience with tools for text processing and representation; working with standard tools such as NLTK, gensim, Apache OpenNLP, Mahout, etc. would be also an advantage. Master or PhD in Computer Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Electrical Engineering or related. Salary will be determined based on professional experience; the formal minimum salary according to Collective Bargaining Agreement is EUR 34, 999. 72 We offer a challenging opportunity in a multinational work environment with English as our company language. We look forward to receiving your application at jobs. medel. com. MEDEL Medical Electronics. Headquarters Fürstenweg 77a 6020 Innsbruck, Austria. Tel 43 (0) 5 7788 7788 jobs. medel. com. , 20180406T12: 20: 000200, FULLTIME, Innsbruck, Tirol, AT, 5272721, Gesundheitswesen, Soziales, , MEDEL Medical Electronics, kcdn. atcompany6643393434logomedelelektromedizinischegertegmbh. companymid. gif, Innsbruck, 6020, Fürstenweg 77a, sameAs: medel. com
Global Innovation System Expert (mw), Global Innovation System Expert (mw). Operations. As a Global Innovation System Expert, you are responsible for the independent, subject-specific preparation and distribution of new formulations and the required accompanying documents. As part of the Product Development Team you are responsible for research on ingredients, clarification of food law requirements, development of specific dossiers as well as assignment and evaluation of analyzes of external service providers. A further area of ​​responsibility is the coordination of further development of the internal process landscape, as well as the communication and coordination of recipe and raw material-specific content within the company.1987 Red Bull not only launched a completely new product on the market, but also created a completely new product category Energy Drinks. Today, Red Bull has more than 1,100 employees worldwide and sells more than 6 billion cans per year in over 171 countries worldwide. The world of Red Bull gives you the opportunity to use your talents, develop and passionately achieve results that make a difference. Find out why we are different. Location Fuschl am See, Salzburg, Austria. Working time fulltime. Organization Red Bull GmbH. Areas that match your strengths. (Responsibilities we entrust to you). Analyzes Research Statistical evaluation of various data. Evaluation of analysis results. Procurement and provision of binding statements, certificates and analysis results of newly developed products. Collaboration in product developmentDesign of recipe and raw material documents. Administrator for the internal product management system. Participation in tasting. Assistance with sourcing of special raw materials with regard to compliance. Project management Cooperation on various projects. Procurement and processing of basic scientific information for projects. Creation of project-related dossiers. Internal external communicationAssignment of analysis jobs. Interface to other departments. Her professional experience: (and achievements so far). Several years of professional experience in the food-pharmaceutical industry in the regulatory-analytical area. In-depth knowledge of Product Compliance, Nutrition Food Science. Knowledge of food law (EU and US) and food processing. Experience in project management. Knowledge in GMP, GLP, conducting analyzes. Good MSOffice user knowledge (especially Excel). Scientific and technical understanding. Openness to new ideas creative thinking. Degree in natural science (food chemistry, technology, chemistry, biology, nutrition, etc.). Very good English language skills, German language skills. Please also tell us in your cover letter why your specific experience is relevant to the advertised position. What makes you stand out and why do you think this challenge is right for you? Apply online. Red Bull GmbH, Human Resources, Attn. Martin Schneller, Am Brunnen 1, A5330 Fuschl am See. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position amounts to EUR 1. 595 per month, gross. However, our attractive salary packages are based on current market salaries and are therefore well above the stated minimum salary. , 20180406T12: 44: 520200, FULLTIME, Fuschl am See, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5272765, Handel,, Red Bull GmbH, kcdn. atcompany2408296495logoredbullgmbh. companymid. jpg, Fuschl am See, 5330, Am Brunnen 1, sameAs: redbull. at
Senior Database Administrator (mw), Our client, a major entertainment company, sets standards nationwide. The company has been active in Austria for 25 years and is one of the most innovative providers on the market. In the course of the implementation of the strategic goals we are looking for the reinforcement of the team. Senior Database Administrator (mw). Greater Vienna. Tasks. Design, architecture and further development of database systems (Microsoft SQL Server 2016). Evaluation of business requirements in cooperation with the stakeholders of the company. Administration tasks such as installation, upgrades, implementation of backup and recovery procedures, monitoring and performance optimization. Planning and provision of test and production systems. Close cooperation with the hardware, network and system operation teams to identify and solve potential problems. Provision of 2nd level support. Conditions. At least 35 years of experience in the administration of SQL Server and Windows systems. Excellent understanding of SQL Server HADR technologies (Clustering, AlwaysOn Availability Groups, Log Shipping, Database Replication, xe2x80xa6). Experience with big data technologies like Hadoop, HBase, Hive, Spark and Sqoop is an advantage. High degree of initiative, interdisciplinary thinking and innovative spirit. Structured, analytical and independent way of working. Very good German and English spoken and written. Offer. Challenging area of ​​responsibility with room for maneuver and a high degree of individual responsibility. Very good development opportunities for a market leader on growth course. Flexible working hours and numerous benefits. Professional and modern working environment, very positive working atmosphere. Good connection to public transport, ample parking. You can expect a gross annual salary starting at EUR 55,000. The actual salary depends on your professional experience and qualifications. Reference Number: 33644. Have we aroused your interest in this position? Then we kindly ask you to send us your documents stating the reference number to job @ allegro. at. We look forward to receiving your application! Apply now. Contact us. Himmelpfortgasse 14, A 1010 Vienna Phone 43 1 230 250 Email job (at) allegro. at., 20180409T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5272923, Personnel Services,, ALLEGRO Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany67296376logoallegroconsultinggmbh. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1010, Himmelpfortgasse 14, sameAs: allegro. at
Software Developer (IoT), Software Developer (IoT). Business: GE Power. Job Number: 3065985. City: Jenbach. About Us:This position is based in the center of the Alps, in Tyrol a region that provides a pleasant variety of recreational opportunities and a high quality of life. We are passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. You can expect to join a diverse team, which offers comprehensive and international career opportunities and is known for leadership development. Our 1, 500 employees at our location Jenbach are working in a collaborative way to power the future. GEs reciprocating engines business sets an industry standard for fuel flexibility, lower emissions and higher efficiency. It specializes in developing local power near or at the point of use and gas compression solutions that deliver environmental friendly, more efficient, more affordable power to customers around the world.Essential Responsibilities:Working in the technology department closely with the service engineering, to develop software solutions for RMD, Analytics and Big DataUse modern software design processes and tools for concept, design validation of software (remote control software, data analytics, engine HMI software and related software tools) for the ongoing development of current products and new products to be introduced in GEJ portfolioApply related software development standards, guidelines, design practices and legal instructions to design reliable and compliant productsProvide meaningful software documentation (user manuals, setup instructions, test reports and FAQs)Provide technical input at detailed level to lead and senior engineers for inclusion into guidelines and standard design practicesOrganization of software usability tests for commercial software. Work on multiple projects simultaneously, under the supervision and guidance of lead and senior engineers QualificationsRequirements:Bachelorsmasters degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or relatedWorking knowledge about software development and testing standards and techniquesExperience in software development in Windows applications (. NET, C# or Java)Experience with data structures, information retrieval, HTTP and TCPIPDatabases (relational andor NoSQL)Experience with LinuxUnix environments and performance analysisAffinity to design software on a high quality and maintainability level. A valid work permit for Austria is a prerequisite for this position (NonEU citizens: please attach the work permit to the application) Desired Characteristics:Fundamental knowledge regarding software development and related processes (Agile)Experience programming in VBScript, C, XML and Xpath, REST web services, Windows InstallerFamiliarity with industrial control SCADA systems. We put great emphasis on providing our employees with recognition, flexibility, competitive and fair compensation, as well as numerous other benefits. According to Austrian law, job postings need to include the minimum salary for a position. For this position, the minimum salary based on the collective agreement is EUR 2785. 54 gross per month. We will be pleased to discuss the appropriate effective salary based on your qualifications and experience.DTR. LIDD1. Locations: Austria; Jenbach. , 20180409T07: 57: 380200, FULLTIME, Jenbach, Tirol, AT, 5273462, Mischkonzern, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeitergeschenke, GE Austria, kcdn. atcompany841422066793logo. companymid. gif, Jenbach, 6200, Achenseestraße 13, sameAs: ge. comat
Front End Software Developer (IoT), Front End Software Developer (IoT). Business: GE Power. Job Number: 3065987. City: Jenbach. About Us:This position is based in the center of the Alps, in Tyrol a region that provides a pleasant variety of recreational opportunities and a high quality of life. We are passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. You can expect to join a diverse team, which offers comprehensive and international career opportunities and is known for leadership development. Our 1, 500 employees at our location Jenbach are working in a collaborative way to power the future. GEs reciprocating engines business sets an industry standard for fuel flexibility, lower emissions and higher efficiency. It specializes in developing local power near or at the point of use and gas compression solutions that deliver environmental friendly, more efficient, more affordable power to customers around the world.Essential Responsibilities:Working in the technology department closely with the service engineering, to develop software solutions for RMD, Analytics and Big DataUse modern software design processes and tools for concept, design validation of software (remote control software, data analytics, engine HMI software and related software tools) for the ongoing development of current products and new products to be introduced in GEJ portfolioApply related software development standards, guidelines, design practices and legal instructions to design reliable and compliant productsProvide meaningful software documentation (user manuals, setup instructions, test reports and FAQs)Provide technical input at detailed level to senior engineers for inclusion into guidelines and standard design practicesOrganization of software usability tests for commercial software. Work on multiple projects simultaneously, under the supervision and guidance of senior engineers QualificationsRequirements:Bachelorsmasters degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or relatedWorking knowledge about software development and testing standards and techniques (Unit Tests, TDD)Advanced experience with web applications (JavascriptHTML5)Experience with React and Flux architectures (redux)Ajax and Java Script frameworks such as JQuery, PrototypeDatabases (relational andor NoSQL)Experience with LinuxUnix environments, distributed systems, performance analysisAffinity to design software on a high quality and maintainability level. A valid work permit for Austria is a prerequisite for this position (NonEU citizens: please attach the work permit to the application) Desired Characteristics:Knowledge regarding software development and related processes (Agile)Experience with SASS preferred inuitcssExperience in software development of server applications with JavaExperience with data structures, information retrieval, HTTP and TCPIP. We put great emphasis on providing our employees with recognition, flexibility, competitive and fair compensation, as well as numerous other benefits. According to Austrian law, job postings need to include the minimum salary for a position. For this position, the minimum salary based on the collective agreement is EUR 3192. 58 gross per month. We will be pleased to discuss the appropriate effective salary based on your qualifications and experience.DTR. LIDD1. Locations: Austria; Jenbach. , 20180409T07: 57: 400200, FULLTIME, Jenbach, Tirol, AT, 5273463, Mischkonzern, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeitergeschenke, GE Austria, kcdn. atcompany841422066793logo. companymid. gif, Jenbach, 6200, Achenseestraße 13, sameAs: ge. comat
Back End Software Developer (IoT), Back End Software Developer (IoT). Business: GE Power. Job Number: 3065980. City: Jenbach. About Us:This position is based in the center of the Alps, in Tyrol a region that provides a pleasant variety of recreational opportunities and a high quality of life. We are passionate about making life better with new ideas and technologies. You can expect to join a diverse team, which offers comprehensive and international career opportunities and is known for leadership development. Our 1, 500 employees at our location Jenbach are working in a collaborative way to power the future. GEs reciprocating engines business sets an industry standard for fuel flexibility, lower emissions and higher efficiency. It specializes in developing local power near or at the point of use and gas compression solutions that deliver environmental friendly, more efficient, more affordable power to customers around the world.Essential Responsibilities:Working in the technology department closely with the service engineering, to develop software solutions for RMD, Analytics and Big DataUse modern software design processes and tools for concept, design validation of software (remote control software, data analytics, engine HMI software and related software tools) for the ongoing development of current products and new products to be introduced in GEJ portfolioApply related software development standards, guidelines, design practices and legal instructions to design reliable and compliant productsProvide meaningful software documentation (user manuals, setup instructions, test reports and FAQs)Provide technical input at detailed level to lead and senior engineers for inclusion into guidelines and standard design practices. Organization of software usability tests for commercial software Work on multiple projects simultaneously, under the supervision and guidance of lead and senior engineers QualificationsRequirements:Bachelorsmasters degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or relatedWorking knowledge about software development and testing standards and techniques (Unit Tests, TDD)Experience in software development of server applications with JavaExperience developing APIs and REST web servicesDatabases (relational andor NoSQL)Experience with data structures, information retrieval, HTTP and TCPIPExperience with LinuxUnix environments, distributed systems, performance analysisAffinity to design software on a high quality and maintainability level. A valid work permit for Austria is a prerequisite for this position (NonEU citizens: please attach the work permit to the application) Desired Characteristics:Knowledge regarding software development and related processes (Agile)Experience with Spring boot andor Scala (Spray, Play)Experience with Micro Services architectures (e. g. Kubernetes, Docker)Experience with Statistical and analytic programming design and technologies (Matlab, R, etc. )Familiarity in dealing with large time series data sets (Big Data). We put great emphasis on providing our employees with recognition, flexibility, competitive and fair compensation, as well as numerous other benefits. According to Austrian law, job postings need to include the minimum salary for a position. For this position, the minimum salary based on the collective agreement is EUR 2785. 54 gross per month. We will be pleased to discuss the appropriate effective salary based on your qualifications and experience.DTR. LIDD1. Locations: Austria; Jenbach. , 20180409T07: 57: 420200, FULLTIME, Jenbach, Tirol, AT, 5273464, Mischkonzern, Kantine, Essenszulage, Getränke, Obst, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Mitarbeitergeschenke, GE Austria, kcdn. atcompany841422066793logo. companymid. gif, Jenbach, 6200, Achenseestraße 13, sameAs: ge. comat
Junior Data Scientist Internship (fm) @ A1 Digital International GmbH, Junior Data Scientist Internship (fm) @ A1 Digital International GmbH. A1 Digital is part of the A1 Telekom Austria Group. A set of innovative and scalable Cloud and IoT services qualify A1 Digital as partner of choice for digital midmarket projects. The target market is Europe and it includes CEE countries where A1 Telekom Austria Group is already active as well as additional Western European markets, above and foremost Germany. With several years of relevant experience in the field of IoT and some of the leading datacenters in Europe, A1 Digital is well set to support its customers with best of breed solutions.Tasks. You apply machine learning algorithms to undiscovered insights from data across various business fields such as energy, retail, construction or micro cities.You do the Data selection, restructuring reweighting in order to produce accurate data sets for machine learning modelling.You communicate, visualize and report your results to the team and give feedback to your team members.You design data products (such as data model, statistical approaches) based on a deep understanding of the business value they provide.You cooperate with Development and Product Management to integrate your machine learning modules into our products.You are an active member of our team and contribute with your creativity and your skills.Requirements. Background in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Software Development, Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Physics or similar areaYou are interested in business processes and how they can be optimized with digitalizationKnowledge of a statisticalmachine learning programming language (e. g. R, Python)Knowledge of additional programming skills is an advantageHandson experience with data mining, data cleansing and machine learning algorithmsUnderstanding of how to visualize complex interrelationships and big dataFluency in Business English and German required Slavic languages appreciatedExperience working in agile teams is an advantagePossible working locations: Linz or Vienna optional: mobile working possible (e. g. working from home, university)Working hours: Fulltime or parttime (Minimum 15hrsweek)Start date: from July onwards possible (Minimum 3 months opportunity for extension). Your personality. Target and solutionoriented personalityA high level of selfmotivation to work with data and create added value to our projectPassion for IoT, Digital and Cloud BusinessTeam player, selfmotivated, selflearnerOutofthebox thinking mindset. There are many possibilities to develop in our company! Seize the chance, evolve and use the possibility to make your career! We are looking forward to your application!. As A1 Telekom Austria AG our goal is to increase the proportion of women in the entire company, and we have developed measures to promote women. We would be happy to interest women in the position currently available and invite them to apply.The collective agreement monthly minimum fee for this internship amounts to EUR 30. 556, 40 gross. Your application. Apply online here: a1. netueberunsjobs. , 20180409T08: 04: 410200, INTERN, Wien, Wien, AT, 5273484, Internet, IT, Telekom, Paten MentorenProgramm, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, A1 Telekom Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany2113377789logoa1telekomaustria. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Lassallestraße 9, sameAs: a1. netueberunskarriere
Junior Project Manager Media, Junior Project Manager Media. Media. As a global media company, the Red Bull Media House produces, publishes, distributes and licenses sophisticated sports, entertainment and education programs in the fields of sports lifestyle, nature science and tradition inspiration. The product portfolio includes sports programs, documentaries and films, music, games and apps, as well as print and online magazines, and thus fascinates people all over the world via all media channels. More information at redbullmediahouse. Not only did Red Bull launch a completely new product on the market in 1983, but also created a completely new product category Energy Drinks. Today, Red Bull has more than 1,100 employees worldwide and sells more than 6 billion cans per year in over 171 countries worldwide. The world of Red Bull gives you the opportunity to use your talents, develop and passionately achieve results that make a difference. Find out why we are different. Location WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, Austria. Working time fulltime. Organization Red Bull Media House. Areas that match your strengths. (Responsibilities we entrust to you). In Brief As a Junior Project Manager Media, you will report directly to the CEO and gain deep insights into the Red Bull media world. After completing the Departments of TV, Publishing and Operations, you will have a deep understanding of our media business and take responsibility for specific topics and projects (such as ServusTV, Benevento Publishing, Media Sales, xe2x80xa6). Project Management In this position, you will be responsible for specific projects and selected topics in the various Departments. In addition, you will support the management with different projects, initiatives and strategic tasks for the daily business. In some cases, your job is project support, such as tracking milestones and ensuring goal achievement, in other cases direct project control.Data analysisAnother aspect of this role is the analysis of statistics, market research data, KPIs, enterprise country data, and development of recommended actions. You also have the responsibility for regularly monitoring and optimizing processes and processes. Editorial Product Quality Together with the editorial departments and various other departments, you are working on the editorial product quality. Development of Global Standards Identifying, developing, implementing and updating global standards and best practices together with the HQ is another exciting aspect of this role. Meetings and ReportsYou attend meetings, prepare agendas, create presentations and keep records. Gathering and creating departmental reports will be another task as Junior Project Manager. Your professional experience: (and achievements so far). Min. 3 years professional experience in the media world (eg in the TV or publishing house). Understanding of the Austrian media landscape. Affinity for ServusThemen. Experience in project management. Good understanding of financial ratios and processes. Team player with excellent communication and social skills and a hands-on mentality. Strong organizational skills, professional working style, meticulous attention to detail, independent work and high adaptability. University degree in business administration, media management o. Ä.Fließend English German (spoken and written). Traveling up to: 25%. Please also tell us in your cover letter why your specific experience is relevant to the advertised position. What makes you stand out and why do you think this challenge is right for you? Apply online. s statutory reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collectively agreed minimum salary for this position is EUR 1586 per month. However, our attractive salary packages are based on current market salaries and are therefore well above the stated minimum salary. , 20180409T15: 54: 310200, FULLTIME, WalsSiezenheim, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5273922, Media, Publishing,, Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals near Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStreet 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
Senior Digital Manager (mw), Our dream candidate for the position of Senior Digital Manager in our Performics team is clever and smart at the same time. He grew up in the digital world and thinks in binary codes. Cross-media communication solutions, he intertwines with innovative ideas to unique media plans and does not shrink from unusual solutions! He pays most of his unbelievable power to one of the biggest customers of our media agency. Therefore, our dream type faces its daily challenges of the working world with a sparkle in the eyes! For xe2x80x9every force ahead towards Digitalien  we are looking for one now. Senior Digital Manager (mw). The area of ​​responsibility: Responsibility is your thing, therefore we are in charge of our most important, international customers. Hand in hand with the client service team in the direction of customer satisfaction. You juggle customer requests and the daily communication with the Creative Agency and our international network colleagues are high on your ToDo list. Search, Facebook and Programmatic are implemented with our InHouseTeam. A keen eye is on proactively guiding and optimizing campaigns to exceed customer goals. Your profile: You are firmly in the saddle and ready for your ride through the Austrian media landscape and have the digital heart in the right place. With your proactive ideas, you are always captivating your customers anew and with rolled-up shirt sleeves working together with the team to work. English and MS Office skills are in top shape and you love to present them to your customers. Your muscles can be used in dealing with Qualiant Leading Media, Sizmek and Adobe Analytics. Your goal in daily business to deliver 100% quality and is for you very high up, so you keep the rudder under control even in stormy times. The environment: career perspectives in a continuously growing, globally active media network. Responsible work in a flat hierarchy. Passionate teams with an excellent sense of collegiality (Happy Nerds!). The company: Performics stands for the sheer passion for digital media, their daily challenges in connection with our dynamic world. Perfomics is the digital unit in Publicis Medias global network. In Austria Publicis Media is represented by the team of Zenith, Starcom, Blue 449, MediaVestSpark, Newcast and Performics and is one of the absolute market drivers. In the function as a communications professional and consultant, the individual brands develop cross-media, innovative and constant concepts tailored for customers such as Nestlxc3xa9, Mercedes, OBI, Iglo, Heineken, Fiat and Samsung.All this puts a smile on your lips? Then convince us with a meaningful application via email with the subject xe2x80x9eSDM042018K : online @ publicismedia. at. According to the Collective Contribution of the Section for Advertising and Market Communication, a minimum salary of EUR 2 044 applies for this position, EUR 70 gross per month. In fact, a higher, marketable salary is offered depending on professional qualifications and relevant experience. The advertised position is exclusively awarded on a full-time basis (40h) .Performics Austria A Division of Public Media Austria GmbH Gumpendorfer Strasse 21 1060 Vienna Web: publicismedia. at., 20180409T16: 45: 240200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5273951, Consulting, Fruit, Staff notebook, Flexible working hours, Publicis Media Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany178262760750logopublicismedia. companymid. png, Vienna, 1060, Gumpendorfer Strasse 21, sameAs: publicismedia. at
Data Scientist (mw), NEW PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. You are responsible for the analysis and further development of existing forecasting algorithms. With you as a member of our 350-person IT team, we are able to offer tailor-made IT solutions for all our corporate divisions in Germany and abroad. QUALIFICATIONS WE REBEL. Completed business education (Business Information Systems, Business Administration, etc.) and high affinity for statistics and IT. Practical experience with the statistics tool R and good SQL knowledge (Oracle of advantage). Independent, solution-oriented and structured way of working. High level of customer and service orientation. Analytical and critical thinking. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Independent preparation and analysis of large volumes of structured and unstructured data. Conception and further development of group-owned forecasting systems. Derivation of concrete measures based on analysis results together with the specialist departments of the Group in Germany and abroad. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. A pleasant working atmosphere for self-determined work in a collegiate team. Employee benefits for shopping and travel. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. Annual gross salary starting from EUR 40,000, based on full-time readiness to overpay with appropriate experience and qualifications. WE LOOK FOR DATA SCIENTIST (MW). LOCATION: 2355 WR. NEUDORF. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180418T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Wiener Neudorf, Lower Austria, AT, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5274512, Commerce, Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Integrated Lean Six Sigma Manager (mf), Do you go big or smallxe2x80xa6. ? Yes! We believe in both. Thats why we e a $35 billion company with the mindset of a startup. So big idea, small idea, or somewhere in between, heres your chance to share it with us.Integrated Lean Six Sigma Manager (mf). ID 1801029, permanent contract, Bludenz, Vorarlberg ATYour challenges:Lead and ensure significant business process improvements along the ISC Quest to be the best vision, achieving positive financial and nonfinancial plant targets as well as longterm road map goals, based on the Integrated Lean Six Sigma program.Develop a IL6S plant road map with a short and long term action plan.Be responsible for the development and the application of the tools provided by the IL6S program (AM, PM, FI, QM Pillar,) in order to build capability in the plant and eliminate the losses.Plan, coordinate and deliver trainings to develop process improvement skills at all levels within our plant.Analysis of data and planning of the key improvements for the critical measures (to eliminate chronic issues).Actively seek out opportunities to reapply improvements across our plant and to reapply best practices (internalexternal).Ensure that individual team strategies are in alignment with overall improvement strategies for our plant.For this role you will need to have:Strong experience on a similar position. Fluent English and German skills. University degree. Very good knowledge of engineering processes, policies and procedures (GMP, Quality and SSE). Sound understanding of manufacturing and supply chain processes. Excellent communication, motivation and listening skills. Leadership skills will be an asset. Analyse and problem solving skills. We pride ourselves on having a high performing and collaborative culture where we offer support and development to enhance your career and develop you knowledge and skills. In return for your commitment, drive and enthusiasm, we offer top attractive social benefits! Please apply online and visit our careers website: mondelezinternational. comcareers Annual gross salary starting from EUR 67, 200 according to skills and experience. As a multinational company we can offer you on top attractive social benefits. , 20180410T13: 39: 000200, FULLTIME, Vorarlberg, Vorarlberg, AT, 5274736, Handel, , Mondelez International xe2x80x93 Milka, kcdn. atcompany81931485324logomondelezsterreichgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1120, Schönbrunnerstraße 297307, sameAs: eu. mondelezinternational. com
Product Owner (mw), Product Owner (mw). Full time 38, 5 hours a week. We are looking for a ProductOwner (mw) who will make the definitions and specifications of all software requirements with our customers, so that our software team can implement them perfectly. These tasks await you !. Interface and central contact for all relevant stakeholders (Business Owner, User, SoftwareTeam). Collect and structure software requirements and transfer them to a well-maintained backlog. Provide accelerated software development with accurate specifications. Enrich the development process by understanding technologies and agile methods. Maintain the RoadMap and represent the ProduktVision. Bring business goals, technical requirements and user needs into line through clear communication and prioritization. Your skills!. IT education or strong affinity to IT. Education in Business Informatics or Business Administration desired. Basic knowledge in project management. Experience in working with agile methods. Communicative and solution-oriented personality (very good analytical, conceptual and communication skills). Customer-oriented mindset. Interest in SW projects in the field of sports (ice hockey). We offer you !. Demanding project tasks and work with state-of-the-art technologies. Very good education and training opportunities. A salary corresponding to the qualification and training. Friendly and social environment in a dedicated team. Place of employment Vienna. Apply. Contact Mag. Bettina HaglerRoittner Graben 18, 4020 Linz Email: jobs @ solvistas. com About us Big Data. Business Analytics. Business Intelligence. Visual Analytics. Agile. Scrum. Dashboarding. Shape the future. Benefits. central location. flexible working hours. Home office possible. Health promotion. Further education. familyfriendly. Fruit basket. Corporate events. The collectively agreed monthly gross salary for this job is from EUR 2. 898, 00. Your actual salary depends of course on your experience and qualification. We are looking forward for your online application!. Apply. solvistas GmbH Austria 43 732 27 27 27 0 xe2x80xa2 jobs @ solvistas. com. Office Linz Graben 18, 4020 Linz. Office Vienna GerhardBronnerStraße 17, 1100 Vienna. , 20180410T13: 49: 000200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5274743, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Good connection, Flexible working hours, solvistas GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17459421742logosolvistasgmbh. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Graben 18, sameAs: solvistas. com
Sales Manager for IT system solutions (BIEDI, SRM), We are a successful IT company with locations in Northern Italy, Germany and Austria. Our focus is on consulting, integration, development and distribution of special software solutions in various industries in Europe. We are looking for a (n). Sales Manager for IT system solutions (BIEDI, SRM). for our location in: Villach (AT). Your tasks: Care for existing customers and development of new opportunities, as well as partners and new customer acquisition (medium-sized and large companies). Autonomous planning and execution of all phases of the distribution chain. Implementation and implementation of our marketing and sales strategies within a well-coordinated team for marketing and sales. Strategic planning and tracking of customer potential. Professional presentation of the company and the content of the offer. Fulfillment of agreed sales targets, as well as solid sales forcasting. Preparation and participation in fairs and events. Your Profile: Several years of experience in the distribution of complex IT solutions. Professional appearance with high negotiating skills and degree. Entrepreneurial thinking. Sound knowledge of the MS Office, as well as the use of CRMSystems. Very good knowledge of German, Italian and English. Ability to network successfully and a sense of the needs of customers. High personal initiative, creative motivation and hands-on mentality. Willingness to travel and drivers license. We offer: A permanent position in a multinational, dynamic company with an appreciative working atmosphere. A lot of creative freedom in daily activities. Responsible and versatile tasks. The opportunity to participate in the growth of the company and in the further development of our teams. An interesting fixed salary, expense report and commission adjusted to your qualifications and responsibilities. Depending on the classification, the collective monthly gross salary for this position amounts to at least EUR 2,898. In addition, we offer an overpayment depending on qualifications and experience, as well as an attractive, performance-related salary component. Advertising including photo and salary expectations by e-mail (preferably as .pdf) please contact curriculum @ derwid. com.DERWID. com GmbH Hr. Horst Exenberger Web: derwid. com. , 20180410T15: 38: 430200, FULLTIME, Villach, Carinthia, AT, 5274796, Internet, IT, Telecom,, DERWID. com GmbH, kcdn. atcompany807313279510derwidlogokarriere. companymid. jpg, Bramberg am Wildkogel, 5732, Schweinegg 11, sameAs: derwid. com
IT Production Consultant for Investment Research (mf), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Research Sales and Operations is part of Raiffeisen RESEARCH at RBI and is responsible for the operation and development of investment research software. Our core tasks include content management, workflow management and publishing analysis and structured data on economies and capital markets via all distribution channels (e. g. email, web, Bloomberg, Social Media, APIs) and data analytics. We focus on improving user experience for authors and readers, automation, integration projects and analytics. In the course of the banking groups digitisation, we are expanding our team.(Junior) IT Production Consultant for Investment Research (mf). Acting as IT consultant for investment research, you willBe part of our team directly within the business division of Raiffeisen RESEARCH next door to the power users publishing latest news on economies and capital markets. Join us operating the current system environment and analyzing requirements, designing and implementing software enhancements. Provide support to for the production and distribution of investment research. Explore, evaluate and implement selected stateof theart solutions such as Amazon Web Services, Countly, Robotic Process Automation, MailChimp, Quark Content Automation, Power BI, MongoDB, Hadoop, NoSQL jointly with your colleagues. Contribute in projects or manage small or subprojects as project leader or product owner with your experienced colleagues. What you bring to the table:Broad IT knowledge in general and of the main IT systems, databases and query languages (in particular SQL), Python knowledge is a plus. Interest in the areas of economy and capital markets is vital. Experience in one or more of the named solutions in cloud solutions, analytics, agile software development, modern collaboration tools, marketing automation, publishing solutions or similar is a plus. First work experience in operating, designing and implementing software solutions is a plus. Curiosity and a passion to learn and grow. Customer orientation, strong communication skills and team spirit. Very good knowledge of German and English. What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at EUR 32. 000, gross p. a. excluding overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability.We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180410T15: 48: 130200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5274825, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Procurement Engineer Kitchen Appliances (mf), Procurement Engineer Kitchen Appliances MF. Job Description. In this role you are offered an attractive balance of strategic thinking and handson activity in a dynamic international business environment. You secure early supplier involvement, innovation and strategic cost reduction and are the trusted advisor for procurement related topics to ID, Quality, Finance and Marketing. You are responsible for:Representing procurement in product creation projects and life cycle management. First time right; improve the design decision making by collecting and presenting necessary data to relevant stakeholders. Developing procurement landscapes and technologyproduct roadmaps that support the business needs together with other functions. Supporting cost roadmaps as well as short term and long term product cost reduction improvement. Identifying opportunities in the new product design process through target costing, and managing cost drivers and data sources to improve the design decision making. Supporting price negotiations with factbased information and opportunities to drive short andor long term product cost reduction improvement. Supporting the deployment of early supplier involvement through target costing and tracking for assigned product. Organizing early supplier involvement with a Design for eXcellence (DfX) mindset and making use of approaches like designin or costreduction workshops together with a team of experts.Preparing request for quotations, contracts to document specs and agreements with suppliers.Ensuring procurement related risks (cost, quality and availability) are controlled and mitigated, by bringing the relevant procurement colleagues to the equation.Driving make or buy decisions for new products.Leading supplier selection and allocation and ensure adherence to the Business Procurement strategy. You will be part of the global Kitchen Appliances team that focuses on Airfryers, one of the most successful businesses in Kitchen Appliances. You will be working in a network of various stakeholders with global representation. The Innovation Center is located in Klagenfurt and focusing on creating to deliver innovation that matters.To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience:UniversityTUFH qualification in an engineering domain (e. g. mechanical engineering, material science, electrical engineering). Professional engineering and manufacturing knowledge. Professional with a 25 years proven track record. Experience in managing cross functional cost down programs and in value engineering.Expert in contributing to new product introduction projects. Knowledge leader regarding costing toolset (Should Costing, NPV, TCO) in projects.A team player who is both proactive and cooperative; easily gains trust and support of peers; encourages collaboration and challenges constructively. Strategical thinking as well as being hands on. Delivering results.Understanding and being able to challenge blue prints and specifications. Experience in international and multidisciplinary project teams is preferred. Prepared to travel up to 10% of the time. Most important you breath ambition and have a can do mindset. In return, we offer you attractive career opportunities in an international organization as well as various social benefits. You will be part of a passionate team and contribute to deliver innovation that matters.The minimum yearly salary is equal to EUR 57. 750. gross with willingness to overpay. The actual annual income is commensurate with the market, your qualifications, and experience.Working at Philips is more than a job. Its a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways.To find out more about what its like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.Contact. If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips. com. (Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered. ). Apply here. , 20180411T07: 51: 040200, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5275184, Elektronik, Automatisation, , Philips Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany39401565850logophilipsaustriagmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1120, Euro Plaza, Kranichberggasse 4, sameAs: philips. at
Digital Design Engineer (mf), IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, an Austrian based high tech company, is a leading innovator in the fields of lithography and nanotechnology. IMS develops leadingedge lithography tools, which are of key importance for further miniaturization in semiconductor and nanotech industry. It is our goal to become a global leader in lithographic patterning by leveraging our revolutionary multibeam technology. To strengthen our team for the challenging tasks ahead, we are looking for a. Digital Design Engineer (mf). Our Digital Design department contributes ASIC and FPGA systems for precise realtime control (with nanoseconds accuracy) and highspeed data transmission (>1Tbits) that meet very demanding requirements. You are an experienced digital designer. As a part of our team, you will be developing data and control systems using novel algorithms and stateof the art technology in close collaboration with other bright minds.Responsibilities:Write design specifications according to requirements. Architectural design and implementation of ASICFPGA designs. Participate in technical peerreviewing within the team. Create and maintain documentation for different audiences. Support verification team in debugging failures. Hardware bringup and testing. Qualifications:A good university degree in Electrical Engineering Computer Science. Strong technical and theoretical background. 3 years of industry experience in ASIC or FPGA design as a plus. Hardware description languages, preferably SystemVerilog. Experience in design closure (constraining, STA, etc. ). Basic knowledge of embedded software development. Good knowledge of scripting languages such as shell, Python, TCL, Perl, etc.Experience with version control systems. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. Special skills appreciated: highspeed interfaces, DFT, requirement engineering, control system theory. We offer:An exciting occupation with complex, technical challenges. A young and dynamic team with short lines of communication. A culture welcoming high engagement and entrusting you with a broad range of duties. Excellent technical and personal development opportunities. Annual gross salary: starting from EUR 45. 000 according to skills and experience. If you are looking for a demanding and challenging position in a growing high tech company, we look forward to receiving your application, which you can load up online on Careers at ims. co. at. Alternatively please send your rxc3xa9sumxc3xa9 to Peter Hoesle (imsjobs@ims. co. at).IMS Nanofabrication AG Schreygasse 3 1020 Wien Austria Tel: 4312144894 Fax: 431214489499 imsjobs@ims. co. at ims. co. at. , 20180411T11: 12: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5275456, Industrie, Produktion, Getränke, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeiterprämien, IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, kcdn. atcompany11941422741logoimsnanofabricationag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Schreygasse 3, sameAs: ims. co. at
ITProjekt and RollOutManager (mw), as part of the international Zucchetti Group, TCPOS is a leading provider of POSIT complete solutions for retail, hospitality and leisure. More than 10,000 customers worldwide rely on our customized IT solutions. TCPOS currently has more than 200 employees. To continue our growth strategy we are looking for a location in Graz. ITProject and RollOutManager (mw). As ITProjekt and RollOutManager you are part of a project team in Graz, which is responsible for the implementation of point of sale projects at our customers in Austria. In doing so, you will configure the TCPOS POS software according to the requirements of our customers, set up clients and application servers and implement the installation on site. Your qualifications. IT training (HTLFH) or relevant work experience. Technical understanding of networks, databases (MSSQL), applications and operating systems. High degree of customer orientation and initiative. Strong communication, assertiveness and team player mentality. Willingness to travel in Austria, driving license B. Your tasks. Independent handling of smaller customer projects, participation in larger projects. Project contact person for the customer. Installation and training on site. Implementation of project workshops and internal implementation coordination. Our range. an exciting and varied task area. the cooperation in a young, motivated and yet manageable team. as part of a successful European group of companies (zucchetti.com) with steady growth and many personal perspectives for the future. flexible working hours, home office facility, attractive office environment, good transport connections, free parking and a staff restaurant complete our offer. Depending on your specific qualifications and professional experience, we offer you an annual salary starting at EUR 33. 500. Please send your application including CV, letter of motivation and photo by email to officeat @ tcpos. com.TCPOS GMBH Plüddemanngasse 67b, A8010 Graz 43 316 424146 officeat @ tcpos. com. TCPOS. com. TAKE IT EASY SOLUTIONS FOR HOSPITALITY AND RETAIL. , 20180423T00: 35: 030200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5275503, Internet, IT, Telecom,, TCPOS GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1135073185743logogross. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Plüddemanngasse 67b, sameAs: tcpos. com
Junior Data Scientist (mf), Junior Data Scientist (mf). Location: Gumpoldskirchen. As a Junior Data Scientist in our team you will work on the planning, implementation and delivery of data services across various Novomatic business units. You will be part of a closely collaborating team with a strong focus on knowledge sharing and professional development.YOUR TASKS. Perform statistical analyses on and gain undiscovered insights from data across various business fields. Design, perform and evaluate business experiments for various Novomatic business units. Communicate, visualize and report your results to key decision makers. Design data products based on a deep understanding of the business value they provide. Prototype effectively in order to quickly understand customer needs. Design the software architecture based on a deep understanding of the latest Big Data technologies. Implement and deliver the data products with a DevOps approach in distributed environments. YOUR PROFILE. You have a PhDMSBS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience. You are energetic, enthusiastic, detailoriented and passionate about producing highquality analytics deliverables. You have exceptional communication skills, a strong biastoaction and a selfless teamoriented personal style. A strong track record of successfully delivered data services is an advantage. OUR OFFER. Targeted training and further education. Flexible working hours (flextime). Excellent staff canteen (which offers vegetarian options). Good transport connections and a parking lot for employees. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 49, 000 gross per year. However, the actual salary per year is negotiable depending on your qualifications and experience.ABOUT US. The NOVOMATIC Group is one of the largest Austrian technology companies, privately owned and headquartered south of Vienna. With a focus on steady and controlled growth, NOVOMATIC is one of the market leaders in the global gaming industry.HOW TO APPLY. Please append to your application a list with all relevant Data Science tools (Statistics, Machine Learning, Databases, Visualization, DevOps) and all relevant programming languages that you have used in the past. Rate your experience in each of them on a two level scale:Used for prototypelevel applications. Used for productionlevel applications. If you are interested in sharing your professional experience with a dynamic and successful international company that promotes a family atmosphere, please apply by providing your online application via our application form.Apply Online. , 20180411T12: 40: 590200, FULLTIME, Gumpoldskirchen, Niederösterreich, AT, 5275545, Industrie, Produktion, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Aus und Weiterbildung , NOVOMATIC Gruppe, kcdn. atcompany66893233279nandnovomaticcenteredrgb. companymid. png, Gumpoldskirchen, 2352, Wiener Straße 158, sameAs: novomatic. com
Senior Data Scientist (mf), Senior Data Scientist (mf). Location: Gumpoldskirchen. As a Senior Data Scientist in our team you will be responsible for the planning, implementation and delivery of data services across various Novomatic business units. You will be part of a closely collaborating team with a strong focus on knowledge sharing and professional development. As such, you will be expected to openly share your knowledge with the rest of the team and provide guidance for less senior team members.YOUR TASKS. Perform statistical analyses on and gain undiscovered insights from data across various business fields. Design, perform and evaluate business experiments for various Novomatic business units. Communicate, visualize and report your results to key decision makers. Design data products based on a deep understanding of the business value they provide. Prototype effectively in order to quickly understand customer needs. Design the software architecture based on a deep understanding of the latest Big Data technologies. Implement and deliver the data products with a DevOps approach in distributed environments. YOUR PROFILE. You have at least 3 years work experience in Data Science, Machine Learning or a related field. You have a PhDMSBS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience. You have a strong track record of successfully delivered data services. You are energetic, enthusiastic, detailoriented and passionate about producing highquality analytics deliverables. You have exceptional communication skills, a strong biastoaction and a selfless teamoriented personal style. OUR OFFER. Targeted training and further education. Flexible working hours (flextime). Excellent staff canteen (which offers vegetarian options). Good transport connections and a parking lot for employees. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 63, 000 gross per year. However, the actual salary per year is negotiable depending on your qualifications and experience.ABOUT US. The NOVOMATIC Group is one of the largest Austrian technology companies, privately owned and headquartered south of Vienna. With a focus on steady and controlled growth, NOVOMATIC is one of the market leaders in the global gaming industry.HOW TO APPLY. Please append to your application a list with all relevant Data Science tools (Statistics, Machine Learning, Databases, Visualization, DevOps) and all relevant programming languages that you have used in the past. Rate your experience in each of them on a two level scale:Used for prototypelevel applications. Used for productionlevel applications. If you are interested in sharing your professional experience with a dynamic and successful international company that promotes a family atmosphere, please apply by providing your online application via our application form.Apply Online. , 20180411T12: 41: 000200, FULLTIME, Gumpoldskirchen, Niederösterreich, AT, 5275546, Industrie, Produktion, Kantine, Betriebsarzt, Aus und Weiterbildung , NOVOMATIC Gruppe, kcdn. atcompany66893233279nandnovomaticcenteredrgb. companymid. png, Gumpoldskirchen, 2352, Wiener Straße 158, sameAs: novomatic. com
(Junior) Data Integration Engineer for Operations (mw), We are looking for immediate entry: (Junior) Data Integration Engineer for Operations (mw). Ad number: 2808. Your field of operation: Hagenberg. Your tasks: IntroductionRollOuts of data information and networking systems. Adaptation, parameterization and further development of existing software products. Collaboration in the agile project team. Data analysis or process automation (including the creation of scripts). Development of own tools for integrations into existing software. Support and training of worldwide customers with the introduction of new systems. Our requirements: Completed training Computer Science or Information Technology (HTL, Uni,). Programming skills (ideally Python). Experience with databases. Basic knowledge of web technologies (eg ReSt, Angula, Javascript). Interest in cloud computing and big data. Traveling. good English knowledge. Enjoying the development of new systems, participation in a constantly growing team, independent work. Offers Benefits: The gross annual salary according to the collective agreement amounts to at least EUR 33 for this function. 200, Depending on training, qualification and experience a significant overpayment is possible. You expect it. demanding and innovative tasks in a stable company. Good development prospects and individual career development as well as professional diversity and practiced collegiality. Working hours which are adapted to the existing flextime framework. Canteens and car park use as well as employee events. In the sense of the Equal Treatment Act, we address both ladies and gentlemen apply !. Your contact: Martha Mayr. Email: martha. mayr @ vace. at., 20180411T12: 49: 470200, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5275587, Personnel Services, Parking, Training, Flexible Hours, VACE Engineering GmbH, kcdn. atcompany5096296667logovaceengineeringgmbhco. companymid. jpg, Linz, 4031, Lunzerstrasse 78, BG 33, sameAs: vace. at
Head of Marketing Sales (mf), Letxc2xb4s shape with us the future of learning!. GoStudent is a young and fast growing EdTech startup from Austria. We offer a new form of tutoring, perfectly tailored to the fastpaced and mobilefocused lifestyle of todays young people. Our platform (iOS, Android, Web chatbot) connects high school students with a network of qualified tutors and students that help them with their school questions. Instantly, anonymously via chat.Head of Marketing Sales (mf). About the Position. We are currently looking for a talented and experienced Head of Growth who will play an essential role in accelerating our ongoing growth story and will lead our team of marketing wizards to establish a habit of our sustainable growth.How will you make a difference @ GoStudent see for yourself. You e going to. act as first pointofreference for marketing sales related inquiries and lead the process to define the global strategy, roadmap and priorities. identify and implement the most promising growth opportunities, particularly in terms of app downloads, bot connections and website traffic. work closely with other departments to develop and optimize new and existing acquisition channels. experiment with new approaches to creating viral loops and network effects. lead content strategy based on consumer behavior and market trends. investigate and optimize the customer journeys. develop and AB test creative and attractive messaging and layouts for all users. manage online marketing (SMM, SEM, display, affiliate, retargeting). gather and analyze performance data to derive actionable insights. build and lead a highperformance marketing and sales team and create an dynamic and sustainable environment that ensure the efficient execution of functions across the entire departments. Thats you. proven track record in growth marketing for B2C digital business (with target group. proven ability to develop and implement new and creative ways to reach new customers and developing and implementing innovative engagement tactics. deep knowledge of growth hacking including SEO, SEM, SMM, website scraping, lead generation as well as social media management, email campaigns. skilled in working with various marketinganalyticoptimizationautomation tools. ability to develop a great understanding of a brand, its target segments and the potential of its story. excellent English as well as communication and leadership skills fluent German skills are a big plus. first hand involvement in an early stage company as well as experience with mobile or webbased applications is a plus. high performance orientation and entrepreneurial thinking. ability to make decisions and solve problems. What can you expect?. The chance to shape the company by taking on a key role from an early stage. Lead position with great freedom to initiate own ideas. A dynamic team of young professionals with lots of passion and a clear vision in a fastgrowing startup. Flexible working hours and high degree of autonomy. A startup that is well capitalized and backed by top venture capital firms. Compensation. The Head of Marketing Sales position is fulltime (40hweek) and based in Vienna. The minimum salary offer starts at EUR 45. 000, a year and is negotiable depending on education and previous work experience. Are you up for it? We can wait to meet our future Head of Marketing and Sales! Get in touch now! Send us an email including CV and motivation letter to job. ks952@speedinvestheroes. recruitee. com.We are looking forward to hearing from you!. , 20180412T11: 44: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5275701, Sonstige Branchen, , Speedinvest Heroes Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany515113020706logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Praterstraße 1, 3rd Floor Space 34, sameAs: speedinvest. com
Director Production (fm) Operations Management Automotive, Our client is one of the global leading companies for automotive testing systems and equipment. For the production site located in the east of the Czech Republic we are currently looking for an experienced personality as. Director Production (fm). Operations Management Automotive. Your Tasks:In this senior position your main responsibilities are to oversee and further develop the Production Planning, Logistics, Purchasing, Manufacturing and Assembly Departments. It is a key role of this position to ensure that these departments run well, with a smooth and efficient service that meets the expectations and needs of the international customers. Monitoring and analysing the current production system followed by working out a strategy implementing a stateoftheart production system is also expected. This includes fields like Industrial Engineering, Supply Chain and Production Planning, Quality or to set up a KPISystem and reporting structure. In this position you will be part of the management core team.Your Profile:University degree (relevant technical field). Profound experience in Production Management on strategic level. Experience in Machine Building (including customized products). Proven experience in international companies. Experience and proven success in implementation of Lean Manufacturing. Attention to quality on a high level. Strong leadership skills. Ability to work under pressure and motivate others to meet tight deadlines. Experience in Change Management is welcome. Fluent in Czech language is a must, in addition fluent in German andor English is required. The annual gross salary for this position will be at a minimum of EUR 80. 000. If we could spark your interest in this challenging position, please apply to Mr. Alexander Moser via the following application button!. Referenznummer 4787783 oder. aristid personalberatung. Schmidt Partner KG. Kaltenbrunner Str. 35g. A8700 Leoben. T: 43 664 965 62 75. moser@aristid. at. aristid. at. , 20180412T09: 42: 000200, FULLTIME, Tschechien, 5276215, Personaldienstleistung, , aristid personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany5670523547logoaristidpersonalberatung. companymid. gif, Wien, 1230, Lemböckgasse 492E, sameAs: aristid. at
Data Analyst (mw), UNITO is part of the BaurGroup and belongs to the global Otto Group. Together, we have approximately 54,000 colleagues in more than 123 companies in more than 20 countries in Europe, the Americas and Asia with sales of more than CHF 12.5 billion in 201617. UNITO itself operates 15 online shops in 6 markets (Austria, Germany , Switzerland and selected Eastern European countries). Our work locations are Salzburg and Graz with 646 colleagues and sales of 341 million euros in the last financial year 201617. Overall, UNITO combines 5 brands under one roof (including Universal, OTTO, Quelle) .We are now looking for Graz full-time. Data Analyst (mw). Your tasks. Ongoing control and optimization of automated credit systems for credit checks and receivables management. Selection, provision and analysis of data and statistics. Independent editing of projects. Test and release of company-specific software. Preliminary data selection for reporting, and reporting. Interface function to other departments. Your profile. Completed degree (University, FHBakk. MA) with focus on mathematics, statistics, data science, controlling, m IT or similar with SQLQueries or a database program desirable. Sound knowledge of MSOffice (Excel, PowerPoint). Very good numerical understanding and analytical thinking. High degree of independence and initiative. Good communication and cooperation skills. You like solving complex tasks with enthusiasm, then you are the right candidate for us. For legal reasons, we are obliged to point out that the collective agreement minimum salary for this position on a full-time basis at EUR 22. 204 p. a. lies. However, our salary packages are based on current market salaries and are therefore of course above the specified minimum salary. Convince us with your documents and send us today your full CV including photo, a letter of motivation, relevant certificates and your earliest possible entry date. Please use our online application form for this. Your contact person for this position is Sabine Uray. If you have questions you can also write to Whatsapp at: 0664 8126127. We look forward to receiving your application !. Apply online now. , 20180412T09: 46: 480200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5276244, Trade,, UNITO Versand Dienstleistungen GmbH, kcdn. atcompany155761320274logounitoversanddienstleistungengmbh. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, Alte Poststrasse 152, sameAs: unito. at
Digital Traineeship, career at Kelag. Grab your chance at Digital Traineeship. You are not only enthusiastic about IT, you want to actively shape the future? Our digital graduate program for university graduates is your one-time chance. Prerequisite: University degree in the fields of computer science, technical mathematics, information management, robotics o. Ä. Topics: Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning Robotics, Big Data, etc. Start: September 2018 Duration: 24 months Salary: EUR 3. 300, gross. T: 0463 525 1302. kelag. atjobs. , 20180413T08: 01: 000200, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5276301, energy industry, environment,, KELAGKärntner ElektrizitätsAktiengesellschaft, kcdn. atcompany48053411891logokelagkrntnerelektrizittsaktiengesellschaft. companymid. gif, Klagenfurt, 9020, Arnulfplatz 2, sameAs: kelag. at
Linux System Architect Web Operations (AWS, Azure, Hadoop, Clustering, IPv6, NoSQL, etc.) Customized solutions using the latest technologies !, Linux System Architect Web Operations (AWS, Azure, Hadoop, Clustering, IPv6, NoSQL, etc.) Individual solutions using the latest technologies !. (Jn 37800) Place of work: Vienna. You are looking for something special and would like to be a passionate Linux specialist and advise clients on complex web projects? Our client, an internationally operating company in the consulting and support of highly complex IT infrastructures, offers exactly this possibility !. Your future role. Embedded in a team of professionals with a lot of experience in web technologies and big expertise in big data and cloud services. You plan new, customized system architectures. Analyze existing IT architectures. Advise customers on the use of new and innovative technologies. Build and formulate offers You are in charge of the implementation of complex web projects. You design and implement automation measures in IT infrastructures. A sympathetic team of experts trains you to master state-of-the-art technologies !. You offer. Well-founded Linux system knowledge as well as several years of professional experience. High understanding of IT infrastructure architectures. Experience with popular web servers and proxy systems, eg Apache, Varnish and Nginx. Know-how of databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL) and virtualization systems (XEN, VMware etc.). Well-founded network and firewall knowledge. Communicative, creative, efficient and flexible. The special thing about this position. Use of the latest technologies (including Cloud platforms, Hadoop, Clustering, NoSQL, IPv6, Information Automation, etc.). Innovative and challenging projects with well-known (inter) national customers. Excellent internal and external training opportunities. Cool team, flat hierarchies, excellent accessibility. salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3100 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3100 and EUR 5700 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Mathias Fiedler (43 1 523 82 07 105), mathias. fiddler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180412T12: 56: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5276485, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Linux System Engineer Web Operations (mw) Become an expert in your field !, Linux System Engineer Web Operations (mw) Become an expert in your field !. (Jn 38565) Place of work: Vienna. Our client is an international company specializing in consulting and support of highly complex IT infrastructures. A team of specialists is responsible for the implementation of national and international projects at the highest technical level.Your future role. Support and development of highly complex IT infrastructures of different customers. Administration and operation of HighPerformance websites. Conception and implementation of automation measures in IT infrastructures. Technologies used: IPv6, NoSQL, Clustering, Cloud Platforms, AWS, Azure, MySQL, PostgreSQL, CouchDB, MongoDB, Hadoop, XEN, VMware, Docker, SolarisZones and more. They provide. Several years of professional experience as Linux System Engineer. Experience with popular web servers and proxy systems. Well-founded network and ideally firewall knowledge. Know-how of databases and virtualization systems. Nice to have: scripting skills (ruby or python). Experience in configuration management of servers with Puppet. The special thing about this position. You will be able to use the latest technologies. You expect a working environment with well-known national and international customers and exciting projects. There are flat hierarchies and a DUKultur. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3100 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3100 and EUR 5000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Mathias Fiedler (43 1 523 82 07 105), mathias. fiddler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180412T12: 56: 550200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5276486, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
IT ConsultantHRData Management (mf), Prinzhorn Holding currently has around 6, 600 employees in 15 countries, making it one of Europes market leaders in the recycling, paper and packaging industries. Generating revenues of EUR 1. 4 billion a year, the Group ranks third in this market segment. Prinzhorn Holding is familyowned, headquartered in Vienna and is divided into three divisions: Hamburger Recycling Group (used paper collection and trading), Hamburger Containerboard (production of corrugated base paper) and Dunapack Packaging (corrugated packaging solutions).We are currently looking for our Packaging Division at our location in 1230 Vienna:IT ConsultantHRData Management (mf). Assistant with large responsibility. Tasks:Significant participation in the rollout of Prinzhorn Group wide HR Information System in more than 50 legal entities in 15 countries. Define functional design specifications and align concepts with key users. Configuration of the HR information system incl. testing, data migration and golive. Integration of the software in the IT landscape incl. interface design. Define HR Reporting and internal workflows. Data quality management, technical documentation and training. HR process development and implementation. 2nd Level Support for Prinzhorn Group wide HR Information System. Requirements:Degree in IT, Business Administration or equivalent. At least 3 years of HR information system experience. International projects rollout experience preferably within the manufacturing industry. Experience in (agile) software implementation, preferably SAP SucessFactors. Experience in data migration and interfaces, preferably SAP SucessFactors. Technical experience. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Analytical and solutionoriented mindset. Balancing and consensusoriented team player. Intercultural competences. Handson mentality, adaptability and proactive work style. Very good command in English, German advantageous. Your willingness to travel rounds up your profile (about 30%). Our offer:To be part of a strong Austrian enterprise with international production units. Challenging position in a rapidly growing environment. Opportunity to join a successoriented team of local and international experts. Excellent public transport connections (U6) employee parking spaces. Depending on specific qualifications and experience this position will pay from approximately EUR 45, 000, gross per year. The effectively paid salary can be higher and depends on your skills and professional experience. If you are interested in bringing your expertise to an attractive international organisation, we look forward to your application, refering to identification number 69. 175. We prefer applications via ISGKarriereportal or via mail. Please visit career. isg. com there you can find a broad range of joboffers.ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A2522 Oberwaltersdorf, Fabriksstraße 122Top 12. Hans Georg Stadlober. M: 43 680 145 35 71, T: 43 2256 21111. eMail: bewerbung. stadlober@isg. com. , 20180413T07: 48: 180200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5276994, Personaldienstleistung, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
Digital Concept Engineer Sensors for Intelligent Tires (fm), Digital Concept Engineer Sensors for Intelligent Tires (fm). At a glance. Do you want to take up a new challenge within our automotive division? Do you live up to high quality standards? Then we have a great opportunity for you! In this position you will be responsible for the product architecture and the safety concept of our tire Sensors, including the analysis and definition of safety requirements for new technologies, packages and products.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Fresh Graduate (without work experience). Job ID. 27217. Start. Jun 01, 2018Type. Full time. Contract. Permanent. Job description. In your new role you will:Define the product and chiparchitecture for the digital core of our intelligent tire products. Assess feasibility and estimate costs. Technically lead within crossfunctional Teams. Interact with Marketing, Application Engineering and Product Development. Align technical solutions with customers. Analyse and define requirements for new technologies and products. Create and review patents. Profile. You aspire to achieve outstanding results with a passion and take the initiative and overcome difficulties in the pursuit of your targets. You generate value with your ideas and solutions and communicate openly, clearly, and coherently.You are best equipped for this task if you have:A university or university of applied science degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Telecommunications, Applied Physics or comparable. 3 years of experience in the semiconductor business. Experience in system modelling using SystemVerilog andor VerilogVHDL. Understanding of analogmixedsignal IC design and behavioral modeling. Experience in functional safety according to ISO26262 as a plus. MS WindowsOffice and Unix skills. Fluent English skills with German skills as a plus. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry, employment group H I (feei. atarbeitsweltkvtabellenstatistikmindestloehneundgehaelter2017). The monthly salary is paid 14 times p. a. A higher payment is negotiable depending on your expertise and skills. Furthermore, Infineon offers additional employee benefits.About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180413T08: 00: 250200, FULLTIME, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5277030, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Senior Investment Analyst Junior Investment Associate (fm), SRED (this abbreviation stands for Soravia Real Estate Development) GmbH is a property development company which is currently focused on Central and EasternSouth Eastern Europe (CEESEE). This independent business within the Soravia Group led by managing directors Hanno Soravia and Peter Oismüller boasts a reputation for success in developing shopping centres, office buildings, hotels and residential complexes both in Austria and abroad. We are a part of an innovative and growthoriented family business whose key strength lies in offering a comprehensive portfolio of services ranging from site analysis through to the completion of construction. An additional focus of our business is acting as a local operating partner for international funds entering the CEESEE market. Our success is based on the dedication of our staff along with an extensive network of relationships both within the sector and beyond. Our investors profit from the dynamism of our highly experienced management team and their excellent understanding of the property market.SENIOR INVESTMENT ANALYST JUNIOR INVESTMENT ASSOCIATE (fm). TEAM OVERVIEW:This position is part of the acquisitions team, and the successful candidate will support real estate acquisitions throughout Central and Eastern Europe (Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Serbia and other markets). He or she will be responsible for conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis of both potential acquisitions and current investments, preparing presentations for the investment committee, external investors and financial institutions, assisting in deal sourcing and due diligence processes, preparation of offers and divestment efforts. ROLE AND RESPONIBILITIES:Support the Acquisition Team with adhoc financial analysis of potential projects. Full responsivity for creating and maintaining sophisticated DCF models and for calculating various common market performance matrices. Preparation of Information Memorandums to support strategic investment and debt financing decisions (Investment Committee memorandums). Preparation of reports and presentations for internal and external use. Coordination of work flow with asset and portfolio managers based in the region as well as with other internal stakeholders. Preparation of information memorandums for banks and other financial institutions in cooperation with the Treasury Department. Assistance in execution of due diligence and coordination of external service providers (lawyers, consultants, appraisals, etc. ). Gathering and evaluation of economic and real estate market data and preparation of market reports. Assistance in preparation of investor presentations. Constant direct exposure to senior management in internal meetings and discussions. Potential to participate in negotiations with vendors and JV partners. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS EXPERIENCE:Completed business studies, ideally with the focus on real estate andor finance and investment. At least 2 years experience with an investment fund (debt or equity), investment bank, MA boutique, or BIG 4, ideally with the focus on real estate, or alternatively with a real estate development company. Fluent spoken and written English and German (Eastern European languages are a plus). Highly developed verbal and written communication skills. Proven analytical skills, quantitative and qualitative. Excellent understanding of cash flows and advanced modelling skills. Ability to work both independently and as part of a team. Highly developed multitasking skills, ability to juggle a variety of projects simultaneously and complete them on tight deadlines. Attention to detail. Advanced PCskills (Word, Excel (ideally including VBA), PowerPoint). Interest in, and affinity for, Central and Eastern Europe. Willingness to travel. COMPENSATION:This position is fulltime (40hweek) and is based in Vienna, Austria. We offer a minimum salary of EUR 35. 000, per annum depending on education and previous work experience. If you fit the profile, please send your resume and cover letter to Ms. Julia Höfer, Head of HR, jobs@soravia. at. , 20180413T09: 38: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5277152, Bau, Immobilien, Haustechnik, Gute Anbindung, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeiterprämien, Soravia, kcdn. atcompany80063205329soravialogo4c300pixel. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, ThomasKlestilPlatz 3, sameAs: soravia. at
Data Scientist (mw) xe2x80x93 C Python Developer, Our Client, a rapidly growing Vienna-based biotechnology company developing innovative tools for transcriptome research, is looking for a highly motivated and team-oriented startup to support the international research and development team in the third district site. Data Scientist (mw) C Python Developer. Your area of ​​responsibility: Implementing and testing statistical algorithms in CC and Python. Benchmark software for large NGS records. Integration of RNASeq datasets with biologically relevant information. Integrate third-party software into NGS workflows. Rapid prototyping with open source software. Software documentation. Requirement profile: University degree (MSc, BSc, Fachhochschulabschluss or equivalent) ideally with a mathematical and / or information technology focus. Very good knowledge of the programming languages ​​C and Python, as well as knowledge in Standard Template Library (STL) and Boost Library. Basic knowledge of MatlabOctave, R, GNU Toolbox and Shell Scripting. Experience with NGS data is an advantage. Excellent knowledge of English. Analytical skills and knowledge in scientific work. A quick grasp and the ability to quickly learn new programming languages ​​and operating systems. It offers the possibility of joining and helping to shape a rapidly growing and international company. A pleasant and friendly working atmosphere. Varied, autonomous task. Flexible working hours. Full time (40 hours week) 5 days week, job is awarded for two years (project-related job). The minimum wage according to the collective agreement gross EUR 1. 830, 09 on a full-time basis a market-compliant overpayment depending on qualifications and work experience is possible.If you are interested in this challenging position, then we look forward to your meaningful application under the number 69. 193 preferred over our ISG career portal or by email.Visit us on career. isg. com Here you will find new job offers every day.ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A1020 Vienna, Rustenschacherallee 38. Nicole Fugger, T: 43 1 512 35 05 73. eMail: application. fugger @ isg. com. , 20180413T10: 15: 370200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5277215, Personnel Service, Fruit, Employee Mobile, Flexible Hours, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
Senior Sales Executive, Since 1991 HAKOM has a clear focus on the management of energy data. Our company consists of a team of experts in the energy market as well as IT specialists and has access to an excellent network of long-term partners. Our customers include, for example, the EVN Group, Bayerngas GmbH, Wien Energie, Energieallianz Austria GmbH or companies of the OMV Group. As a first-class technology provider in the big data sector, we operate across Europe and set the market standard for complex calculation processes in terms of performance. That fits you? Then we have the right job for you. SENIOR SALES EXECUTIVE. (mw) Full time in Vienna. Area of ​​responsibility. CONVINCE YOU: In the Sales Team, you are responsible for acquiring and accompanying the subsequent steps. Not only do you analyze customer requirements, you also recognize potentials and desires outside the requirements documents. You network with our experts from various fields, form temporary teams, exchange you regularly and take care of the successful advice of the customers. With your digital expertise you will find yourself in this role as a sales-strong consultant and innovative project manager in the areas of sales and marketing. You grow with your area and have the opportunity later to lead your own team.Profile. CONVINCED US: After completing your studies (eg Business Informatics or Business Administration) or appropriate training, you have gained at least three years of professional experience in the IT industry (preferably in the energy industry environment). Your MS Office knowledge is excellent and you are also very familiar with the common project management methods. You have a strong understanding of innovative and technical topics and you feel at ease in the world of energy with the appropriate modern software tools. You round off your profile with your sympathetic and self-confident manner and are accordingly communicative, assertive and a real team player. German language proficiency at Native level is very important for this position, as well as your fluent English skills (further language skills are an advantage). We offer. BENEFITS that convince ALL: many training opportunities. Mentoring. Flexible working hours. Company events. Coffee, tea, water fruits. Team spirit. Free parking. Dog-friendly workplace. Kitchen restaurants nearby. BECOME A PART OF HAKOM !. We look forward to receiving your detailed application including cover letter, CV and certificates via email to hr @ hakom. at!. The salary earmarked for this activity in the applicable collective agreement amounts to EUR 2,898 per month, based on full-time employment at the standard level of the ST1 activity family. Due to creditable work experience or additional qualifications and / or assumption of further activities an overpayment is possible. Web: hakom. at., 20180413T11: 00: 570200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5277232, Internet, IT, Telecom,, HAKOM Solutions GmbH, kcdn. atcompany8034426690logohakomedvdienstleistungsgesmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1230, Lemböckgasse 61Stair 26th floor, sameAs: hakom. at
Digital Campaign Manager Data Analyst (mw), Digital Campaign Manager Data Analyst (MW) Full-time, 40 hrs General Tasks. The position of Digital Campaign Manager Data Analyst is responsible for supporting the Digital Team. We look forward to applicants with initial experience as well as career changers. Interest and open-mindedness for the developments of the Austrian media landscape, especially the digital ones, and a passion for research as well as numbers (good sense of numbers, ability to process complex data in Excel, mastery of logical mathematical calculation types) are very strong. The Digital Campaign Manager Data Analyst is organized and structured. The tasks include. Digital media purchasing. Control of digital advertising media. Set up digital campaigns in AdServer. Continuous campaign optimization and monitoring. Regular exchange and cooperation with international colleagues (communication in English). Responsible for the conception and implementation of reports and analyzes. The junior digital campaign manager Data Analyst works in close cooperation with the customer support staff of the digital team. The customers of HAVAS Media and ARENA Media are supported. Important tools. Google DoubleClick Campaign Manager. Sizmek. Microsoft Office. For this purpose, we offer training courses from Havas Media Austria. We offer you a minimum gross monthly salary of EUR 2,000 for your position as Junior Digital Campaign Manager Data Analyst, based on full-time employment. Readiness to overpay depending on experience and qualification is possible. We look forward to Your application (curriculum vitae and motivation letter) including photo by email to Mediha Fajkovic (mediha.fajkovic@havasmedia.com). Havas Media GmbH Hainburger Straße 33, 1030 Vienna Web: havasmedia. at., 20180413T12: 06: 050200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5277312, Advertising, Marketing, PR,, Havas Media GmbH, kcdn. atcompany20891388162logomediaplanninggroupgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Hainburger Strasse 333. OG, sameAs: havasmedia. com
Senior Scrum Master (mw) Agile Lead xe2x80x93 Scrum Master Position, The Company. Big Data, IoT, Industry 4. 0 and Machine Learning are the buzzwords of the future! Our client is one of the worlds leading service providers in the IT and technology industries and offers you the opportunity to build up extensive expertise in the field of digitization today. The European-based company has offices in more than 35 countries and advises clients on the development and implementation of digitization strategies and the use of new technologies. Our client not only assures his pioneering position by innovative ideas, but also by his high customer orientation. To strengthen the implementation of the numerous digitization projects, we are looking for you as an accomplished Scrum Master (mw) in permanent employment at the location in Vienna !. Senior Scrum Master (mw) Agile lead Scrum Master position in Vienna. Permanent employment. Your area of ​​activity as Scrum Master. They work in agile projects and take care of compliance and implementation of agile processes as a single point of contact on site. They plan and moderate Scrum Meetings such as Sprint Plannings, Dailys, Reviews and Retrospectives, as well as Backlog Refinements. In doing so you promote self-organization and personal responsibility and control the communication within the ScrumTeams. They help developers eliminate conflicts and misunderstandings and proactively assist in finding solutions. They control and coordinate Scrum processes and contribute to the continuous optimization of processes by evaluating the latest trends in agile work. They convey the knowledge about the agile methods in trainings as well as workshops and provide for the internalization of these processes. Your profit. Individual salary adjusted to your needs through an attractive compensation pact of an average of 63,000 euros gross year, consisting of a high fixed salary and the possibility of variable salary increases of up to 130%. Balanced WorkLife balance through an attractive working time model with a fixed home office regulation. Funded training and continuing education at the academies of the numerous cooperation partners worldwide enable an individual career development. Innovative and varied digitization projects in the area of ​​Big Data, IoT, Ecommerce etc.Your profile as Scrum Master. You have a degree in (business) computer science, business administration or a similar education with a background. Professional experience as Scrum Master, ideally including certification and with good knowledge in the development of agile processes as well as in the coaching of development teams. Fluent German and good command of English as well as a certain willingness to travel make you the ideal candidate. Your application. Send your CV with project list to your contact person for IT and SAP vacancies in Austria.Tom Horkheimer 43 720 515250 thorkheimer @ ratbacher. at. A presentation of your documents with our client takes place only after a mutual discussion and with your consent. Apply now. Ratbacher. 2. 500 renowned employers put their trust in us. Over 10 years experience in the ITSAP personnel consulting. Important background information about the positions. Individual advice along your application process. , 20180413T12: 46: 330200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5277384, Personnel Services,, Ratbacher GmbH, kcdn. atcompany52289407448logoratbachergmbh. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70176, Schloßstraße 70, sameAs: ratbacher. at
Research Assistant Logistics Management (wm), Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH conducts applied research and is a 100% subsidiary of the Fraunhofer Gesellschaft. Fraunhofer Austria was founded in November 2008 as a non-profit research organization and includes the business units Production and Logistics Management in Vienna as well as Visual Computing in Graz and the Innovation Center xc2xbbDigital Transformation of the Industriexc2xab in Wattens. For the business area xc2xbbProduktions und Logistikmanagementxc2xab in Vienna we are looking for the reinforcement of our team at the next possible date dedicated and qualified employees with a thematic focus in the field of intralogistics and materials management.Scientific employee xc2xbbLogistikmanagementxc2xab (wm). Focus on xc2xbbIntralogistics and Materials Managementxc2xab. Your tasks. Development and implementation of innovative solutions in logistics for our industrial customers as well as in the context of industry-oriented research. Planning and processing of research projects in the field of material flow design, materials management and transport logistics. Planning, development and implementation of industry concepts 4. 0, for example in the areas of tracking and tracing, forecasting, big data analyzes etc.Your profile. Completed technical studies with focus on logistics management in one of the following disciplines (or an equivalent university degree in Germany or abroad): Graduate engineer (Univ.) Industrial engineeringMechanical engineering. Graduate Engineer (Univ.) Industrial EngineeringInformatics. First professional experience in an industrial company in the field of logistics as well as experience in the planning and management of complex projects. Knowledge regarding the design and optimization of manual and automated logistics processes. Experience in warehousing strategies and inventory management. Visual Basic knowledge and field-proven programming skills (eg Python, R, MatLab, C etc.) are an advantage. Very good English skills are required. Strong analytical and conceptual skills as well as a solution-oriented and practical way of thinking. High communication and coordination skills. Flexibility, reliability, independence and willingness to travel. Interest in a doctorate. Working at Fraunhofer Austria means working in a young team that focuses on innovative solutions for industry and research, individual development and teamwork. Employment, pay and benefits are based on the non-university ForschungsKV. The collectively agreed minimum salary is currently EUR 2. 961.00 (gross month, full time). If you have the necessary qualifications and professional experience, you have the option of overpayment or upgrading. Please send a letter of application, curriculum vitae and certificates of your previous activities and training by e-mail to: jobs @ fraunhofer. at.Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH Business Unit Production and Logistics Management Dr. h. Heimo Pascher Theresianumgasse 7 1040 Vienna Web: fraunhofer. at., 20180413T17: 41: 030200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5277586, Science, Research,, Fraunhofer Austria Research GmbH, kcdn. atcompany83588870895logofraunhoferaustriaresearchgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1040, Theresianumgasse 27, sameAs: fraunhofer. at
SAP Consultant Focus on Logistics (mw) In-house position in the corporate environment, WienIT, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wiener Stadtwerke, is a universal EDP service provider with a focus on the energy sector and municipal services. More than 200 employees in two data centers ensure that the Group can build on modern, efficient and cost-effective IT solutions. We are looking to strengthen our team: SAP Consultant Focus on Logistics (mw). Inhouse position in the Group environment Vienna. Your main tasks. Advice to customers proactively and competently in the optimization of business processes in the field of maintenance. Accompanying the customer from the requirement specification to the stabilization during operation. Close cooperation with internal departments and external service providers. Support and / or lead concept, implementation and rollout projects. Positioning of the WienIT product portfolio and support of further development. Monitoring of relevant trends for process automation and digitization as well as implementation of tailor-made impulses in consulting. Your ideal profile. Completed commercial or technical education with an IT focus (Matura, Uni, FH) or an equivalent professional experience. Relevant experience in IT consulting, business process analysis and project management. Sound and functional knowledge in the SAP modules MM and EWM as well as in SAP SRM and mobile logistics solutions. Interface knowledge and know-how in adjacent SAP modules is an advantage. Ideally, a formal qualificationcertification for consulting, project management andor sales. Experience from an operative activity in the field of logistics is advantageous. Analytical thinking combined with creativity and strategic vision. Strong communication and strong service orientation. What awaits you here. An interesting and versatile task in which you can contribute your high level of initiative and communication skills. Very good development and training opportunities in a leading IT service provider in Austria. As a committed personality with a solution-oriented approach, you will shape the IT landscape of the future and accompany exciting projects on digitization, big data and many more in a modern SAP S4 HANA environment. No willingness to travel required. For this position, we offer a minimum salary of 3. 392, 00 EUR gross per month, depending on qualifications and work experience, and possibly the willingness to overpayment.You would like to join us to the challenge xe2x80x9eZukunft  and actively contribute to the quality of life of our city? Then apply online here and we look forward to hearing from you! Wiener Stadtwerke Holding AG. Corporate HR Development Recruiting. Isabella Karoh. , 20180416T07: 53: 490200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5278088, Internet, IT, Telecom,, WienIT Dienstleistungs GmbH, kcdn. atcompany13705439557logowienitedvdienstleistungsgesellschaftmbhcokg. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, ThomasKlestilPlatz 6, sameAs: wienit. at
Junior IT consultant specializing in SAP CO (mw) In-house Business Consultant, WienIT, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wiener Stadtwerke, is a universal EDP service provider with a focus on energy and municipal services. More than 200 employees in two data centers ensure that the Group can build on modern, efficient and cost-effective IT solutions. We are looking for a team member to strengthen our team: Junior IT consultant with a focus on SAP CO (mw). Inhouse Business Consultant. Your main tasks. Advice to customers proactively and competently in the optimization of business processes in the field of maintenance. Accompanying the customer from the requirement specification to the stabilization during operation. Close cooperation with internal departments and external service providers. Support and / or lead concept, implementation and rollout projects. Positioning of the WienIT product portfolio and support of further development. Monitoring of relevant trends for process automation and digitization and implementation of tailor-made impulses in consulting. Your ideal profile. Completed commercial or technical education with an IT focus (Matura, Uni, FH) or an equivalent professional experience. First professional experience and a good understanding of commercial structures. Know-how in the project and process management advantageous. Basic knowledge of SAP CO and the structures and business processes in finance. Knowledge of new technologies (eg Big Data) and adjacent SAP modules is an advantage. Experience from an operative activity in the controlling area. Analytical thinking combined with creativity and strategic vision. Strong communication and strong service orientation. What awaits you here. An interesting and versatile task in which you can contribute your high level of initiative and communication skills. Very good development and training opportunities in a leading IT service provider in Austria. As a committed personality with a solution-oriented approach, you help shape the IT landscape of the future. They accompany exciting projects on digitization, Big Data and many more in a modern SAP S4 HANA environment. No willingness to travel required. For this position, we offer a minimum salary of 2. 898, 00 EUR gross per month, depending on qualifications and work experience, and possibly the willingness to overpayment.You would like to join us to the challenge xe2x80x9eZukunft  and actively contribute to the quality of life of our city? Then apply online here and we look forward to hearing from you! Wiener Stadtwerke Holding AG. Corporate HR Development Recruiting. Isabella Karoh. , 20180416T07: 53: 490200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5278090, Internet, IT, Telecom,, WienIT Dienstleistungs GmbH, kcdn. atcompany13705439557logowienitedvdienstleistungsgesellschaftmbhcokg. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, ThomasKlestilPlatz 6, sameAs: wienit. at
SAP Consultant Focus on SD and CS (mw) In-house position in the corporate environment, WienIT, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wiener Stadtwerke, is a universal EDP service provider with a focus on the energy industry and municipal services. More than 200 employees in two data centers ensure that the Group can build on modern, efficient and cost-effective IT solutions. We are looking to strengthen our team: SAP Consultant SD and CS (mw). Inhouse position in the Group environment Vienna. Your main tasks. Advice to customers proactively and competently in the optimization of business processes in the field of maintenance. Accompanying the customer from the requirement specification to the stabilization during operation. Close cooperation with internal departments and external service providers. Support and / or lead concept, implementation and rollout projects. Positioning of the WienIT product portfolio and support of further development. Monitoring of relevant trends for process automation and digitization and implementation of tailor-made impulses in consulting. Your ideal profile. Completed commercial or technical education with an IT focus (Matura, Uni, FH) or an equivalent professional experience. Relevant experience in IT consulting, business process analysis and project management. In-depth content and functional knowledge in the modules SAP SD and CS and comprehensive know-how on the relevant business processes. Interface knowledge and know-how in adjacent SAP modules is an advantage. Knowledge of new technologies (eg IoT, big data, etc.) is an advantage. Ideally, formal qualificationcertification for consulting, project management andor sales. Experience from an operative activity in the field of sales or logistics is advantageous. Analytical thinking combined with creativity and strategic vision. Strong communication and strong service orientation ?. What awaits you here. An interesting and versatile task in which you can contribute your high level of initiative and communication skills. Very good development and training opportunities in a leading IT service provider in Austria. As a committed personality with a solution-oriented approach, you help shape the IT landscape of the future. They accompany exciting projects on digitization, IoT and many more in a modern SAP S4 HANA environment. No willingness to travel required. For this position, we offer a minimum salary of 3. 392, 00 EUR gross per month, depending on qualifications and work experience, and possibly the willingness to overpayment.You would like to join us to the challenge xe2x80x9eZukunft  and actively contribute to the quality of life of our city? Then apply online here and we look forward to hearing from you! Wiener Stadtwerke Holding AG. Corporate HR Development Recruiting. Isabella Karoh. , 20180416T07: 53: 500200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5278091, Internet, IT, Telecom,, WienIT Dienstleistungs GmbH, kcdn. atcompany13705439557logowienitedvdienstleistungsgesellschaftmbhcokg. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, ThomasKlestilPlatz 6, sameAs: wienit. at
Junior Business Analyst (mf) Internship, Emarsys is a fast growing global technology company who values innovation. Born in 2000, we provide a cloudbased software as a service (SaaS) to over 2, 000 leading marketing organizations in over 140 countries focused on scaling truly personalized customer interactions regardless of channel (email, web, mobile, social). Emarsys continues to be the partner of choice for marketers because our 600 team members in 15 offices are focused on engineering innovation into our platform, solving marketing challenges for our customers as a true partner, and helping one another succeed. If you are looking for a rewarding opportunity with a company that values professionalism, has a global footprint, is fast paced, and fun, we challenge you to invest your most important asset your time with us. We are looking for a student with immediate availability for 25 hours per week. The internship will last for 9 months. We are offering an excellent environment to learn and grow, there is room for your own ideas and outofthebox thinking is always welcome. Overall a great job experience!. Junior Business Analyst (mf) Internship (25 hrsweek). YOUR AREA OF RESPONSIBILITIES. Creating recurring and adhoc reports and calculations. Liaising with department leaders to get additional information and discuss different possibilities (i. e. data cleaning, providing feedback on different possibilities). General data visualization. Proactively looking for improvements in operational processes by collecting and analyzing data from our different information systems. Summarizing information and trends, recommending technical requirements and specific initiatives. Monitoring metrics to measure performance (such as sales cycles, customer services, marketing activities, profitability, etc. ). Documenting processes. Always focusing on how to effectively reach our strategic business objectives and increase efficiency. YOUR PROFILE. Student of a Bachelors program in Business Administration, Business Informatics, Mathematics or related field. Analytical thinking, knack for numbers and advanced Excel skills. Comfortable with multiple data sources (understanding of data mining and how data are linked). Curious personality who wants to drive changes. Problem solver attitude, not being scared when faced with new or apparently random tasks. Ability to analyze, document and communicate complex business processes. Strong communication skills, patience. Business fluent in English, German skills are an advantage. WHAT WE OFFER. A job with a dynamic and experienced team of professionals. A company with an international outlook and a good market positioning. English as the corporate language. Flat hierarchy and an environment for individual growth. A monthly gross salary of EUR 1, 200. for 25 hoursweek. Additional benefits such as sports, team and company events as well as healthcare activities. Sounds great? Elena Antonova (Talent Acquisition Partner) is waiting for your online application.Apply Now. For more information visit our homepage emarsys. com or contact us: 1150 Wien Märzstraße 1 Tel. : 43 (0)1 478 20 800. , 20180416T09: 02: 000200, INTERN, Wien, Wien, AT, 5278129, Internet, IT, Telekom, , emarsys eMarketing Systems AG, kcdn. atcompany160251491339logoemarsysemarketingsystemsag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1150, Märzstr. 1, sameAs: emarsys. com
Senior Network Engineer (mf), Global Blue invented the concept of Tax Free Shopping 37 years ago and is now the worldwide industry leader, enhancing the Globe Shopper experience and creating value for retailers and partners through a range of products and services. Global Blues Tax Free Shopping solutions allow thousands of retailers, including most of the worlds best luxury, fast fashion and department store brands, to quickly and safely offer Globe Shoppers savings of up to 20% when shopping in 300, 000 stores around the world. Global Blues IT headquarters is located in Vienna. globalblue. com. Senior Network Engineer (mf). This is now the perfect time to do the next big step in your career within Global Blue. We plan a network technology refresh of our main data center campus and we are seeking for you to accomplish this challenging project in a leading position embedded in a professional international network team. If you have strong senior network experiences to build and run data center network campus including operative security, we would like to talk to you!. OVERVIEW. Reporting to Senior Manager Network and Telecommunications, the successful candidate will be responsible for Network architecture, designing, implementing and operating enterprise data networks including security functions focused on data centers. The challenge of this position is to ensure a secure, automated and high available data center network environment, provide professional quality and in timebudget delivery of assigned tasks and services.RESPONSIBILITIES. To plan, document and perform of network changesextensions, especially in datacentres. OrchestrationAutomation of firewall rules and underlying network settings. Designing and documenting the corporate network architecture (LANWANWLANSECURITY). Data centre network security consultancy for internal departments projects. Operating and monitoring of the corporate network infrastructure. Providing 2nd level network infrastructure related support. Designing network aspects of disaster recovery and operational security. Maintaining, auditing and improving corporate network security standards. Performing network related root cause analysis (RCA) and problem resolution. Defining, monitoring and reporting KPIs for network servicesdevices. Managing proof of concepts, feasibility studies etc.Investigating into new technologies security improvements. Writing of white papers and documentations. Acting as a project leader for network related activitiesprojects. REQUIREMENTS. Experience and Education. Academic degree in relevant network or IT related education preferred. Min. 5 years of professional experience as a Datacenter Network Engineer. Excellent understanding of corporate network data entre application architecture concepts. Scripting programming automation skills. Strong experience with Datacentre security firewall infrastructure (multivendor) mandatory. Datacentre network infrastructure (CISCO) mandatory. Excellent understanding of at least 3 of the technical areas below:VPN technologies infrastructure. LAN WAN Network design management. Network automation. Network technologies (Layer1Layer4)Practical experience in enterprise network and security PlanBuildRun setup. Working experience in an international multicultural environment. Excellent English language skills (both oral and written). Willingness to travel and to perform oncall duty. Personal skills. Excellent analytical skills. Strong communication skills. Good technical writing skills. Passion to deliver high quality standard levels. Accuracy and high risk awareness. Ability to work with distributed team in different time zones. WE OFFER. End to end responsibility for a worldwide network and regional data centers. Work in a fastgrowing international company and industry. State of the art office environment well connected to the public transportation system and with good infrastructure. International environment and inspiring colleagues from many different countries. Employee benefits: languages courses, flexible working time, trainings, wellbeing including discount for gym, lunch vouchers, fruit days, free coffee etc.Team building events. Varied, interesting and challenging job. Referral bonus. How to apply:Please send us your updated English CV with a short motivation letter highlighting your suitability for the job. Global Blue guarantees a competitive and performancerelated salary depending on your professional and personal qualifications. As required by Austrian federal law we hereby state, that the legal annual minimum compensation according to the Austrian collective agreement amounts to EUR36. 419, 46, however the total compensation is a subject of individual agreement.Apply. , 20180416T14: 29: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5278426, Sonstige Branchen, Betriebsarzt, Gute Anbindung, Mitarbeiterbeteiligung, Global Blue Service Company Austria, kcdn. atcompany833753295899logoglobalblueregular. companymid. png, Wien, 1200, Handelskai 92, sameAs: globalblue. com
Oracle Database Developer (mw) for BIDWH, Oracle Database Developer (mw) for BIDWH. (Jn 41430) Place of work: Vienna. Our customer develops and supports innovative software solutions in the area of ​​Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence and Big Data. In addition, he is responsible for advising well-known customers in Austria when it comes to the introduction of various innovative solutions. In this position, you are working directly with one of these customer suburbs in Vienna (Zentrum) for a long-term project.Your future role. You plan and supervise data warehouse and business intelligence solutions in an Oracle environment together in a team. In particular, you are responsible for the: development, maintenance and performance tuning of these Oracle DWH solutions. Conception and creation of reports as well as the analysis or solution of problems. Migration of existing DWH systems to new DWH solutions. Cooperation with the departments, users and architects. They offer. Completed technical education (teaching, HTL, FH, Uni). Experiences in the implementation and further development of BIDWH solutions ideally in the Oracle environment. Knowledge of relational databases. PLSQL, SQL knowledge of advantage. Knowledge of common tools and methods in DWH and BI. Accurate, analytical working method. Very good German language skills. The special thing about this position. Excellent working atmosphere in a collegiate team. Flexible working hours, as well as the opportunity to use part-time models. Possibility of an intensive training in the direction of Oracle databases also for applicants with PostgresQL or similar background. Exciting and technologically demanding projects. Very good public connection directly in the heart of Vienna (2 subways, Sbahn). Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2500 gross monthly (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 2500 and EUR 4000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, PiaValentina Sorko, BSc. (43 1 523 82 07241), piavalentina. Sorko @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180416T15: 54: 440200, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5278528, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
DWH platform manager with professional team leadership (mw), DWH platform manager with professional team leadership (mw). Location Vienna, Austria Ref # 470. Apply now. Are you a dynamic and strong person? Is DataWarehouse and Big Data one of your specialties ?. Do you like to find solutions to complex questions? Our client is an established global financial services company. It services clients from the commercial and investment sectors from Europe to Asia. It is looking for an ambitious personality, who likes to take on this responsible position and who is enthusiastically involved in the operation and further development of a complex EDWH platform. One of your main tasks is: Development and implementation of a platform strategy of the data warehouse including new possibilities such as cloud integration and big data. Delivery responsibility for the existing operation of the production and test environments. Further development of existing performance and workload management and security, backup and license strategies. Management of the outsourcing partner (delivery, SLA, contracts). You bring along for this exciting position. Several years of experience in infrastructure Support in DWH Big Data. Experience with ETL (ODI, UC4) and Teradata. First management experience (eg project management) desirable. English in spoken and written, German desirable. Very good analytical and conceptual skills. Results-oriented, proactive and structured way of working. Strong teamwork and communication skills. Good Excel and PowerPoint skills are required. Endowment: Annual gross income from EUR 70,000. Of course, the classification is based on your professional qualifications and experience. A positive working atmosphere awaits you in an ambitious team. Flexibility in work and an intercultural environment. A cultural diversity in the company, education and training as well as training at the highest level result in long-term and attractive development opportunities. A far-reaching package of fringe benefits such as discounts on restaurants, shops in the area, theatrical subscriptions, fitness center but also support for families through company kindergarten, child allowances, etc I am interested in working in this company. I am interested in this job. Apply today on our job board Easy. Fast. You do not have your resume at hand, then simply apply without it, that works for us. Apply now. , 20180417T07: 46: 300200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5278949, Personnel services, meal allowance, fruit, PavelkaDenk Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany527751865528logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1070, Neubaugasse 68114, sameAs: pavelkadenk. at
Software Engineer (mw) for pioneering web-based software applications, Software Engineer (mw) for pioneering web-based software applications (249817 PR). The Process Industries and Drives (PD) Division is a reliable partner to continuously improve the availability, safety and efficiency of products, processes and equipment. Customers worldwide benefit from our future-proof automation technology, drive technology, industrial software and services based on the best technology platforms in our industry. Innovative strength and groundbreaking engineering skills are the success factors in the realization of software solutions for the industrial environment. To support our PD business segment PA EM in Linz, we are looking for dedicated software developer Lead Engineers Web Developer FrontBack End (mw) for 38 for the implementation of cloud-based software applications. 5 hours a week. In this highly interesting and challenging activity, you are involved in an internationally networked development team. What are my responsibilities ?. Realization of a newly developed software product in an agile approach. Implement a cloud-based open operating system for the  Internet of Things  with various innovative applications, connectivity elements and digital services. Independent development of solutions for the best possible implementation of the respective requirement. Preparation of an exact detailed planning (including an overview of the expected effort). Design, evaluation and definition of system and software architectures (together in an innovative team). Close cooperation with product management and SW architects. Active participation in an agile development process. Implementation of integration and system tests. Testing of new features (analysis and documentation of possible sources of error, selection and evaluation of new software technologies and standards, what to bring with you) Technical education in computer science, software engineering, computer science (HTL, university, college) or comparable qualification Area of ​​software design, planning and implementation of web based software solutions Interest in software architecture design and flexibility for agile software development processes You are well versed in web technologies and programming and at best have experience in frontend development in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript (ECMA5 and more recent) Java, Spark, Spring MVC, JSF or any other Java Web Framework, NodeJS, you already have some experience using libraries and frameworks like jQuery, AngularJS, English spoken and written. Open to the new and ready to learn new technologies. Team spirit and interest in collaborating on innovative projects. At the same time, we also turn to career starters who would like to gain their first professional experience in a motivated team in an exciting and internationally growing environment and find themselves as disruptive and innovative thinking personalities in the agile software development after LargeScaleScrum. What we offer you ?. An interesting area of ​​responsibility with room for autonomous and individual work in an international group, ongoing individual education and training opportunities at the latest state of development. You will be offered a job with diverse perspectives and a professional environment and a varied and responsible position. The gross annual salary according to the collective agreement for this function amounts to at least EUR 45,000.00 (full-time basis). Siemens as a major corporation also offers you additional benefits and benefits. How can I apply? If you are interested in this position, then we look forward to your meaningful online application !. Job ID: 249817. Location: 4020. Type of employment: FULLTIME. , 20180417T07: 53: 020200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5278971, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Flexible working hours, Company pension plan, Siemens AG Austria, kcdn. atcompany8161296891logosiemensagsterreich. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1211, Siemensstrasse 90, sameAs: siemens. atkarriere
Robot Programmer (mw) for the Automotive sector, Robot Programmer (mw) for the Automotive sector at Digital Factory Linz (295668PR). We realize what matters. With our staff, we electrify, automate and digitize Austria. With a comprehensive range of powerful industrial software and fully integrated automation technologies, Digital Factory helps manufacturing companies increase the flexibility and efficiency of their manufacturing processes and bring new products to market faster the automotive industry, in the aerospace industry, in mechanical engineering or in other exciting industries. When it comes to the future of the industry too, especially with regard to Industry 4. 0 no way past us.Become a Digital Pioneer !. Are you looking for an interesting new job and want to help shape the digital future at Siemens? Then you will become part of our growing team of Siemens Digital Factory as robot programmer (mw) for the automotive and aerospace industry. Your new field of activity is challenging and future-oriented. Creation and modification of offline and motion programs. Optimize teaching the robot tracks. Programming the logic (signal exchange to the PLC, interlocks, safe zones). Commissioning of the robots including fieldbus systems (Profinet). Commissioning and optimization of robot applications (welding, gluing, riveting, clinching, lasers), as well as process and cycle time optimization. Technical clarification with the customer. Digital factory and digital engineering (virtual commissioning, Digital twin). Integration into higher-level PLCs or control systems (big data). Several months, worldwide building site assignments for the commissioning of the plants. Their qualifications are well-founded and adequately inclusive (LAP, HTL Fachschule, FH) in the field of mechatronics, electrical engineering, electronics, automation technology or comparable qualifications. Strong interest in technical technical issues (ElektrotechnikMechatronikAutomatisierungstechnik, xe2x80xa6). Willingness to learn and curiosity about new technological developments. Team-oriented approach and very good organizational skills. Traveling. Contact?. We offer an attractive compensation package that matches your qualifications and professional experience. The gross annual salary according to the collective agreement amounts to at least EUR 37 for this function. 407 Depending on training and experience, overpayment is possible. In addition, Siemens as a major corporation offers additional benefits and benefits. So contact us easily and directly !. If you would like to know more about the application process and our currently advertised positions: siemens. atkarriere. If you would like to receive more information about the division before applying, or if you would like to have some personal questions with our recruiting team, please contact Patricia Rathner: patricia. Rathner @ siemens. com or 43 (0) 5170765239. We look forward to receiving your application!. Job ID: 295668. Location: 4020. Type of employment: FULLTIME. , 20180417T07: 53: 040200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5278974, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Flexible working hours, Company pension plan, Siemens AG Österreich, kcdn. atcompany8161296891logosiemensagsterreich. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1211, Siemensstrasse 90, sameAs: siemens. atkarriere
IT trainer Common Data Environment, Vienna Austria branch. IT TRAINER Common Data Environment. Intelligent building needs creative minds in all areas. You are committed and you want to be active, then apply now. Your tasks. Coordination and implementation of Group-wide KeyUser trainings and workshops. Interface between internal customer, IT infrastructure and software development. Co-development and participation in customizing and quality assurance in the MS SharePoint and O365 environment. Creation of project-accompanying documents. Control of external service providers. Our expectations. Completed IT-specific training (HTL, FH, UNI). Several years professional experience of a comparable position; Construction industry-specific experience of advantage. Very good knowledge in the Microsoft environment; Know-how and practical experience in the MS SharePoint and Office 365 environment. Good written and spoken English knowledge; Traveling. High commitment and team orientation as well as strong communication skills. Proactive personality with analytical ability to think, a quick comprehension and a goal-oriented way of working. We offer. Annual gross salary from EUR 40,000, depending on your individual qualification profile and your work assignment. Various benefits and extensive training opportunities. A dynamic work environment in which team orientation and self-initiative are in demand. We look forward to receiving your application via the online form via porrgroup. comkarriere.PORR AG. Personnel Management Absberggasse 47, 1100 Vienna. , 20180417T10: 19: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5279227, Construction, Real Estate, Building Services, Canteen, Employee Events, Flexible Hours, PORR AG, kcdn. atcompany50062168821logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Absberggasse 47, sameAs: porrgroup. com
IT Engineer (Machine LearningComputer Vision) (mf), IT Engineer (Machine LearningComputer Vision) (mf). Vienna Permanent employment with our customer. Reference number 3690226. My duties. Develop computer vision algorithms with the RD development team. Analyse and improve existing algorithms. Explore and research new methods regarding future product development. Be a key component to create a product that is ensured to be the future of our marketplace. My qualifications. Profound experience in C or Python, as well as in computer vision or machine learning. Experience with concurrency and multithreading. Android or iOS development background. Knowledge of NEONSSE and vector processing. Ability of programming in GPU (e. g. GLSL). Experience with tensorflow or other backends, keras or other frameworks, scikitlearn, OpenCV, Pandas. It would be an advantage if you have published MLCV articles. Excellent analytical, quality and conceptual skills and perfect communication skills in spoken and written English. Fast learner, a structured and detailed approach to work plus a handson mentality. Team player with a vested interest in continuous personal development. My benefits. An environment with a strong team and social culture. Flexible working hours, home office and learning development opportunities. An awesome team to work and enjoy lunchtime BBQs with. Discounted gym membership. Snacks, fruits and beverages. Salary details. The compensation for this position is at least 43. 000 EUR gross per year. An overpayment of up to 47. 000 EUR per year is possible, depending on qualifications and experience.About Hays. IT professionals hold all the cards if they are committed and have the right qualifications. Our customers in industry and the public sector are looking for motivated employees who like looking at the bigger picture and relish a challenge to fill IT positions on a project or permanent basis. We make sure that you, as an IT specialist, benefit from our many years of experience in IT recruitment and will find you the right role to suit your skills and interests all completely free of charge to you. Register with us and reap the benefits of job offers that are both interesting and relevant to your skills and experience.My contact at Hays. My contact person Rachel Rosenkranz Account Manager Reference number 3690226 Contact EMail: rachel. rosenkranz@hays. at. Jetzt bewerbenhays. at. , 20180417T10: 26: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5279235, Personaldienstleistung, Aus und Weiterbildung , Hays Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3231433343logohaysag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1150, Europaplatz 35, sameAs: hays. at
Computer technician in the field of network, WE SEARCH IT technician in the field of network. Place of work: 4050 Traun, HacklStr. 1. The JMDATA Group supports cable network operators and fiber network operators in Europe. We are now looking for a network engineer in the area of ​​configuration and administration of end devices. Field of application: Technical support in the service team. Management of the trouble ticket system and monitoring platforms. Escalation management. Documentation. Requirements: Successfully completed technical training (eg HTL). Good German and English skills (B2). Network knowledge of IPV4 (DHCP, etc.). Experience in Linux (Debian). Teamwork, willingness to learn and motivation. Maybe already knowledge in the area of ​​TR069 ACS Server (GenieACS). The position has a minimum KV of EUR 1. 830, 09 gross per month. A market-compliant overpayment starting at EUR 2. 400, 00 gross per month, depending on qualifications and experience, is possible. JMDATA Telekom GmbH. Michael Neumann. HacklStreet 1Objekt 2 xe2x80xa2 4050 Traun. application @ jmdata. at., 20180421T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Traun, Upper Austria, AT, 5279236, Internet, IT, Telecom,, JMDATA Telekom GmbH, kcdn. atcompany78521248356logojmdatatelekomgmbh. companymid. gif, Traun, 4050, Hacklstrasse 1object 2, sameAs: jmdata. at
Big Data Specialist (mw), Big Data Specialist (mw). State of Vienna Employment at Hays Professional Solutions Österreich GmbH. Reference number 3716086 Start date immediately. My tasks. They work with state-of-the-art Big Data technologies and ensure stable and safe operation. You want to improve the platform continuously. You work on the data architecture and bring in your previous experience in existing and new product development processes. My qualifications. They have experience in building and operating databases and / or data-centric applications in production environments. They know how to design and monitor big data systems fail-safe. You can independently solve incidents and perform performance optimizations. Of advantage are very good knowledge of Linux and database technologies. At best, they have experience with technologies such as Cassandra, Spark, Mesos, Kafka, Ansible and Grafana. My advantages. They work in an open team, where everyone can optimally contribute their strengths. You are part of a dynamic, innovative and successful company in a growth and future-oriented industry. They meet team players who meet at eye level, have fun at work and celebrate joint successes. Salary information. It offers a minimum gross monthly salary of EUR. 2577, 88 with the willingness to overpay depending on their qualifications and experience. About Hays. IT experts have good cards just when they are motivated and have the right qualifications. Our business and public sector clients are looking for dedicated, on-the-job IT positions, permanent or temporary workers, who like to think outside the box and meet their challenges. We make sure that you, as an IT specialist, benefit from our many years of experience in IT personnel recruitment and find suitable assignments with us - and that completely free of charge for you. Register and benefit from interesting and appropriate positions and projects.My contact at Hays. My contact person Manuela Cerny Senior Manager of Candidate Relations Reference number 3716086 Contact EMail: manuela. cerny @ hays. at. Apply now. at., 20180417T10: 57: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5279257, Personnel Services, Training, Hays Professional Solutions Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1130423159617logohays080216. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1150, Europaplatz 35, sameAs:
Communications Manager (mf), Stora Enso is a leading provider of renewable solutions in packaging, biomaterials, wooden constructions and paper on global markets. Our customers include publishers, retailers, brand owners, print and board producers, printing houses, merchants, converters and joineries and construction companies. We believe that everything thats made with fossil fuels today can be made from a tree tomorrow. Our aim is to replace fossilbased materials by innovating and developing new products and services based on wood and other renewable materials. Our focus is on fibrebased packaging, plantationbased pulp, innovation in biomaterials, and sustainable building solutions. Wood Products division aims to be the leading provider of innovative woodbased solutions. The product range covers all areas of construction, including massive wood elements and wood components. It also includes a variety of sawn timber goods, and pellets for sustainable heating. Wood Products operates globally and has more than 20 production units in Europe. We are now looking for a. Communications Manager, Central Europe (mf). Description:As a communication manager you contribute to the business goals by strengthening the communication of Stora Ensos brand and Wood Products strategy. You ensure a balance of inspiring and relevant communication in a variety of channels to strengthen Stora Ensos image among its desired target groups. Motivating and highquality internal communication is also important, to strengthen the winning culture within Wood Products. You will be responsible for efficient internal communication like for instance communicating the continuous improvement actions within the division, contribute to a strong safety culture and actively build and maintain networks within the division and on Group level. You will report to the SVP Communications Wood Products. Your network of stakeholders will include Group communications network, Wood Products Leadership Team, mill network contacts, all Wood Products employees, Media (as such and as medium), customers, architects, city influencers, students and other future employees, decision makers and general public.Main responsibilities. Externally:Strengthen media and stakeholder relations by proactively serve releases and stories based on our key messages. Support the business lines product and service related media and marketing communication in OCE. Content planning, creation and production for fast moving content (news, blogs) online. Support and produce productservice related communication aimed at customers and markets. Support spokespersons in delivering their messages. Participate in crisis communications. Event and project management. Support in producing Wood Products sections in Group annual reporting and other materials. Ensure positive employee branding connected to OCE mills. Internally:Support WP strategy communications and related material production. Focused safety communication via various channels. Support the communication of prioritized topics like sustainability, innovation and digitalisation. Support mill management in their employee communication. Support internal mill marketing activities of product and service. Create and maintain internal networks. Create and collect topics for internal communication. Promote Wood Products within Stora Enso. Other:Actively writing news and articles for various internal and external channels. Content planning for selected channels. Support social mediadigital developments. Support film production initiatives. Qualification. We would expect you to have:University degree in communications or similar. Proven track record in role from the same or similar industries with a minimum of five (05) years relevant experience. Fluent in written and spoken AustrianGerman and English. Written and spoken French is considered an asset. Excellent writing skills and editing abilities, decision making ability, prioritisation and project management skills and ability to work with numerous simultaneous tasks under pressure, knowledge in SharePoint and good skills in MS Office. Willingness to travel. Location. One of our units in Austria (Brand, Ybbs, Bad St. Leonhard) or Czech (Zdirec, Plana) The gross salary for this position (in Austria) amounts to 3. 046, EUR monthly (KVSägeindustrie). The possibility of overpayment of the position, depending on qualification and experience is stated. For more information, please contact SVP Communications Wood Products Cathrine Wallenius, Cathrine. Wallenius@storaenso. com, or HR Business Partner Operations Central Europe Klaus Brugger, Klaus. Brugger@storaenso. com or apply online: storaenso. taleo. netcareersection2jobdetail. ftl?lang=enjob=008293. , 20180418T07: 29: 000200, FULLTIME, Ybbs an der Donau, Niederösterreich, AT, 5279307, Handwerk, Gewerbe, , Stora Enso Division Wood Products, kcdn. atcompany1103672151872unbenannt2. companymid. gif, Ybbs an der Donau, 3370, Bahnhofstraße 31, sameAs: storaenso. com
Development Engineer (wm) for Web Data Visualization of ADAS Data, AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of powertrain systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for passenger cars, trucks and large engines.Development Engineer (wm ) for web data visualization of ADAS data. Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: Instrumentation and Test Systems. Your area of ​​responsibility: Development of web data visualization for ADAS (driver assistance system) applications. Technology transfer of big data visualization technologies to the existing AVL solution portfolio and on. Cloud platforms. Cooperation in research programs. AnalysisBenchmarking of tools for data representation. Your profile: FH or university degree in IT or comparable. Preferably 2 3 years of professional experience in a relevant field. ExperienceInterest in big data visualization and evaluation; preferably experience with eg: WebFrontend development (Angular, Javascript, HTML). Use of data from NoSQL databases (CosmosDBMongoDB) or search engines (SolR, Elastic Search). Cloud platforms (Azure features, Azure Service Bus, Cloud VMS). Interest in data analysis and machine learning. Good German and English skills. Annual pay: Based on the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the full year for this item as a basis for negotiation: 44. 800, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180417T12: 48: 240200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5279400, Other industry sectors, Canteen, Company Doctor, Flexible hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Big Data Analyst for ADAS Data Management and Analytics wm (Dept.: XM), AVL is the worlds largest independent development, simulation and testing company of propulsion systems (hybrid, combustion engines, transmissions, electric motors, batteries and software) for passenger cars and trucks and large engines.Big Data Analyst for ADAS Data Management and Analytics wm (Dept.: XM). Place of work: Europe: Austria (Headquarters) Graz. Department: Instrumentation and Test Systems. Your area of ​​responsibility: Implementation of an ADAS. (Driver Assistance System) Analytics Use case. Development of functions for ADAS data management and analysis. Technology transfer of big data analysis technologies to the existing AVL solution portfolio. Development of ADAS solutions for xe2x80x9eonpremise  environments and cloud environments. Cooperation in research programs. AnalysisBenchmarking of tools for data analysis. Your profile: FH or university degree in IT or similar. Preferably 2 3 years of professional experience in a relevant field. ExperienceInterest in big data management and evaluation; preferably experience with: scalable processing with ScalaPythonJava in integrated Advanced Analytics Use Cases. Advanced Analytics with live code (Jupyter, Zeppelin notebooks), visualizations and narrative text on highly structured, complex datasets. Streaming Analytics Real-time processing of data from message brokers. Cloud platforms (Azure features, Azure Service Bus, Cloud VMS). Good German and English skills. Annual pay: Based on the Austrian Equal Treatment Act, we are obliged to indicate the full year for this item as a basis for negotiation: 44. 800, gross. In any case, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on qualifications and professional experience. Your benefits The development and testing teams at AVL are looking forward to your cooperation in our international projects. Of course, we also gladly organize your visit to Graz. Please send your documents via our online application tool to AVL List GmbH, Graz. , 20180417T12: 48: 250200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5279401, Other Industries, Canteen, Company Physician, Flexible Hours, AVL LIST, kcdn. atcompany38991148532logoavllist. companymid. gif, Graz, 8020, HansListPlatz 1, sameAs: avl. com
Project Manager, Technological progress is unstoppable. We neither. And because we are growing properly, we need the best people we can imagine. We are looking for one. Project Manager. We turn to personalities who already have experience in project management and would like to challenge themselves to independently manage projects in the area of ​​innovative technologies (such as High Performance Computing, Big Data Management) in industrial and scientific environments. They work together with industrial partners, universities and research institutes at the EU level. YOUR TASKS. Support and assumption of technical and / or organizational leadership, mainly in a recognized EU project, as well as support in other projects. Interface to customers, sponsors and stakeholders. Coordination of development activities. Participation in international project meetings and specialist conferences. Collaboration with project controlling. YOUR PROFILE. Completed education (University, FH) in the economic or technical field. Professional experience in IT project management. Ideally experience in the handling of FEP projects. Strong team and communication skills. Practical experience with methods of software development. High quality awareness and willingness to assume responsibility for results. Very good knowledge of English. Interest in international networking. Willingness to travel (probably 1xMonth). We offer a performance-based salary (not an agreement). The minimum salary ranges according to the collective agreement IT according to qualification and experience in the activity family ST2. Willingness to overpayment depending on your profile is given.RISC Software GmbH Elisa Neuhauser, MA Softwarepark 35 4232 Hagenberg Web: riscsoftware. at., 20180417T14: 57: 260200, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5279506, Internet, IT, Telecom,, RISC Software GmbH, kcdn. atcompany7042364318logoriscsoftwaregmbh. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 35, sameAs: riscsoftware. at
B2B B2C Data Analyst (mw), B2B B2C Data Analyst (mw). Experience in data analysis. Interface between product management and IT. Broad range of responsibilitiesCRIF is a global company headquartered in Bologna with more than 4,200 employees worldwide, specializing in credit rating information and the development of automated risk management decision-making processes. CRIF is the market leader in personal information as a credit reference agency. The intelligent and rapid linking of up-to-date data guarantees our customers the best possible information on the creditworthiness of individuals and companies. For our location in Vienna, we are looking for a highly motivated employee: Her profile: Completed relevant training with a focus on economics, statistics, data analysis or corresponding professional experience. First experience in one of the following areas: product management, project management, reporting, data maintenance and care. First professional experience in one of the following industries: financial services, banking, fintech, credit bureau, payment services, information technology. Strong customer focus and strong analytical skills,  hands on  mentality. Structured working method, high degree of accuracy and individual responsibility. Strong interest in data management, research, economic and demographic relationships. Your tasks: Expansion and support of the quality, consistency and completeness of our B2C B2B data. Development and integration of new data sources. Assignment, linking and cleansing of data in our own developed data universe. Reporting and preparation of KPIs on data management and quality. Implementation of internal projects together with IT and product management. What you should know about us: Together to the next level! Would you like to develop yourself in a dynamic and fast growing company? To be self-employed and innovative in an international environment ?. Live out your implementation and will to succeed, we offer you the chance to prove yourself. In addition to a place in a dynamic and open-minded team, we of course offer an attractive, performance-oriented salary package depending on your motivation and qualifications as well as national and international training opportunities and opportunities for advancement for this position, a collective agreement minimum fee of EUR 33. 500, gross per year. The amount of the overpayment is determined on the basis of training, specific qualifications and relevant experience. Please apply now with English CV and motivation letter as well as information about your income expectations and possible entry date via career. @ at CRIF. com! If you have any questions, please contact Fr. Szikszay, HR Business Partner! , 20180420T13: 07: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5279604, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, CRIF GmbH, kcdn. atcompany232741114530logocrifgmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1150, Diefenbachgasse 35, sameAs: crif. at
CRM Analyst (mw), PERSPECTIVES YOU LOVE. In order to be able to react and react even more flexibly and efficiently in future to rapid market changes and ever more complex customer needs, REWE International AG founds a new company with a branch in Vienna. We therefore offer a committed employee the chance to accompany the development of CRM in a new company with startup character right from the beginning, to contribute to the structuring of the individual areas of responsibility and to actively help shape the future of the Austrian trading world. QUALIFICATIONS WE AFFORD. University degree (Business Informatics, Business Administration, Economics or similar) and 2 to 3 years of relevant professional experience. At least 1 year of professional experience in analytical CRM. SQL knowledge of advantage. Knowledge of a common CRM tool is an advantage. Experience in dealing with large amounts of data. Accurate and independent way of working. High commitment and enjoyment of working with numbers. CHALLENGES YOU CAN MEANT. Creating customer target lists based on rules or using existing analytic models. Evaluate the success of campaigns, create presentations for stakeholders. Participate in or lead projects to create or enhance customer segmentation or campaign assessment models. Collaboration on selection and ensuring the efficient use of the required tools and support of the CRM community. Interface to IT, Data Science and CRM Team. Travel readiness of about 10%. OFFERS THAT ENJOY YOU. Long-term job in a traditional company. Broad range of development opportunities within the Group as well as individual training programs. Employee benefits for shopping and travel. Extensive range of measures of our workplace health promotion. An annual gross salary starting from EUR 40,000 with willingness to overpay with appropriate experience and qualifications as well as attractive premiums for special commitment. WE LOOK FOR CRM ANALYST (MW). LOCATION: 1120 VIENNA. For our central areas and central companies with around 5,500 employees, we are looking for people who are curious, who value change, who work on things, work in a team, think things through and sometimes take on new perspectives. And because we focus on diversity, we are also pleased to receive applications from people with disabilities. Apply now and discover new job opportunities at rewegroup. jobs. , 20180419T09: 19: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5279621, Commerce, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, REWE International AG, kcdn. atcompany5086316489logoreweinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wr. Neudorf, 2355, Industriezentrum NÖSüd, Str. 3, Obj. 16, sameAs: rewegroup. at
Senior Data Scientist (mw) for Innovative Machine Learning Models Artificial intelligence is your passion ?, Senior Data Scientist (mw) for Innovative Machine Learning Models Artificial intelligence is your passion. (Jn 40725) Place of work: Linz. Our client is a globally successful software company that has made a name for itself with top products and services among its international customers. Your future role. Together with your colleagues from the team Data Science, you are responsible for the (further) development of innovative machine learning models. In your role, you take over the design of concrete use cases to analyze and process large amounts of data. The continuous coordination with the software and product development complete your diversified task profile. They offer. Completed training with emphasis on IT as well as several years of professional experience in the field of machine learning. Know-how in software development (Java, C andor Python). Knowledge of relevant frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch Co. The special feature of this position. Exciting and innovative AI projects. Collaboration in a highly motivated team in an international environment. Professional environment in which the fun at work is not neglected. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3500 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Jennifer Plutsch, BSc (43 732 61 12 21163), jennifer. plutsch @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180418T08: 39: 560200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5279892, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Junior Javascript Developer Focusing Data Science (mw), Junior Javascript Developer Focusing Data Science (mw) Vienna 2032 Hours. Get in and fly. Webrocket is a young, dynamic company in Vienna and the only web analytics agency in Austria. Our work for international clients is driven by results where other agencies stop working. Our reporting starts with our reporting, because we understand web analysis as a craft and not as a magic show. To reinforce our team, we are looking for an immediate employee for 32h, who feels at home in the programming as well as the data analysis world and likes to work on the pulse of the times. If you want to help shape this exciting, fast-moving and fast-growing industry, apply now. Webrocket. com. jobs @ WebRocket. com. WebRocket. com 43 1 890 24 57 Turmburggasse 18, 1060 Vienna. Your profile. GENERAL. German at mother tongue level, English is business fluent. You can work independently. You enjoy dealing with clients and are happy to advise you. Presenting in front of larger groups makes you tickle with joy. Team-able, because web analysis only works in a team. You are inquisitive and want to constantly improve and learn. Organizational skills. You are a juggler of various tasks and like to make sure that all the balls are in motion in the air. TECHNICAL. 3 years of project experience in programming (no matter which language) or comparable training. You already have your first web projects behind you (no matter if Wordpress, own website, own BLOG, own web APP, own mobile app). Basic knowledge of web architecture (HTTP, HTML, ClientServer, AJAX, browser functionality). Ability to handle complex and diffuse requirements in a clean software architecture. DATES. sound knowledge of MS Excel. You enjoy finding (and hopefully finding) patterns in data. You enjoy improving customer systems (eg online shops) with your data analysis. It would be great if you already had your first statistical experience. It would be great if you already had your first experiences with online marketing in general. Your tasks. GENERAL. Customer care. Project management. Staying on the ball: Know-how, methods and tools often change at a rapid pace in this industry. TECHNICALLY. Conception of technical implementation architectures. Write Implementation Guide. Programming in Tag Management Systems (language and methods you will learn with us). DATES. strategic and long-term conception of web optimization. Reporting in various online tools. statistical evaluations and knowledge acquisition. Data evaluations. Derivation of recommended actions. Our range. Salary: EUR 2287, 00 Gross (for 32 hours) Overpayment depending on experience and qualification possible. help shape and build a new company. Fair and flexible working hours (no all-in, home office possible, flexitime). great working atmosphere in a young dynamic team. great customers XXXLutz, Hervis, Volkswagen Support GmbH, Jollydays. Opportunity for further development: We attach great importance to the fact that everyone in the team is required. You get constantly new tasks and new responsibilities. A future-proof, varied job. a young, sovereign crew. DO YOU WANT TO FIND OUT TOGETHER WITH US WHATS ALL IN THE FUTURE IN THE FUTURE? WebRocket. com 43 1 890 24 57 Turmburggasse 18, 1060 Vienna. , 20180418T11: 54: 000200, PARTTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5280091, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Webrocket GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1119102771715logowebrocket. companymid. png, Vienna, 1060, Turmburggasse 18, sameAs: webrocket. com
Retail CRM Leader (fm), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Retail CRM Leader (fm). As a Retail CRM Leader (fm) you lead international CRM projects, assess sales marketing processes and support RBI and their NWUs with CRM concepts and initiatives. In addition, you push further development of CRM strategies as well as new functionalities and processes. In this exciting position you have a staff function and therefore you directly report to the board manager of retail.What you can expect:Build up centralized CRM competence centers. Generate and support CRM strategies on a group level. Conduct audits based on current status of the specific country with further development of action plans and roadmaps in mind. Drive cooperation among CRM key stakeholders, customer experience and digital dimensions. Participate in analytical and infrastructural projects. Evolve and drive initiatives to improve the efficiency of retail business. Define benchmarks and best practices in bank industry. Popularize digital channels among clients and push digital sales. Interact with external and internal stakeholders in order to define and discuss CRM business requirements. What you bring to the table:A master degree in technical studies (e. g. IT, Mathematics, Business Informatics etc. ) or in Economics, ECommerce or Marketing. More than 5 years relevant experience in the field of CRM andor Marketing Sales management, experience in financial institutions is an advantage. Strategic vision on CRM development in an digital and customer experienced environment. Practical knowledge of advanced analytics descriptive, predictive, prescriptive. Deep understanding of ITDigital solutions, processes and workflows. Fluent in English, German and any other CEE Language is an advantage. Excellent presentation and communication skills. Strong management skills, practical experience in team building and leading. Willingness to travel up to 20% (CEE region). What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at 72. 800, 00 gross p. a. including overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180418T13: 00: 250200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5280194, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Consultant for Data Analytic Services, Consultant for Data Analytic Services. with a degree in statistics. VIENNA LINZ. We are one of the top 10 tax consultancy auditing firms and consulting firms in Austria and part of the global Grant Thornton International Ltd. network. As a full member of the data and process analysis team, you can advise national and international companies from different industries. Application and further development of proven methods and procedures from statistics (eg predictive modeling, machine learning, data mining, etc.) in the area of ​​process management and business analytics. They will use innovative methods and tools to assess business processes, analyze them and make deductions for improvement measures. Collaboration in exciting, innovative projects with responsibility for subareas. Interpretation of analysis results as well as preparation of auditable reports and presentations. Our range. Involvement in a young, motivated and very collegial team with varied tasks. Independent, versatile and responsible tasks with corresponding training phase. Flexible working hours (flexitime) as well as performance-related pay. Targeted training under the motto xe2x80x9We demand and promote . Attractive development and career opportunities in a dynamic and growing environment. A nice office with a perfect connection to public transport. Exciting and varied projects in an international environment. Your profile. Successfully completed studies in statistics, computer science or business informatics (University of Applied Sciences). Ideally a focus in the areas of Business Analytics, Artificial Intelligence or Data Science. Great interest in complex data structures and business processes. Very good IT knowledge, in particular SQL, Python, R. Basic knowledge of ERP systems (eg SAP), process management and financial accounting are advantageous. Very good German and English skills. Strong analytical, structured thinking and good judgment. Integrity, team spirit and accuracy. Based on a full-time job, we offer a monthly gross salary between EUR 2. 200 and EUR 2. 800. The amount of your salary depends on your qualifications and experience. For more information about our law firm, our employees, our service and our clients, visit our website grantthornton. at. We look forward to getting to know you better. Please send your application to career @ at. gt. com.Your contact person. Mag. Stefan Duder HR Manager T 43 1 262 62 79 Rivergate, Handelskai 92, Gate 2, 7A, 1200 Vienna. , 20180418T13: 27: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5280216, Law, Taxes, Economy, Drinks, Fruit, Grant Thornton Unitreu GmbH, kcdn. atcompany174733197555gtlogoprimarypantone268. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1200, Rivergate Handelskai 92, Gate 2, 7A, sameAs: grantthornton. at
Consultant for Data Analytic Services, Consultant for Data Analytic Services. with a degree in Business Informatics. VIENNA LINZ. We are one of the top 10 tax consultancy auditing firms and consulting firms in Austria and part of the global Grant Thornton International Ltd. network. As a full member of the data and process analysis team, you can advise national and international companies from different industries. They will use innovative methods and tools to assess business processes, analyze (process mining) and make deductions for improvement measures. Close cooperation with our international customers and the design of customer workshops with the use of new instruments will give you a lot of fun. In addition to the specialist activities, you will also support in project management and gradually take over project responsibility. Interpretation of analysis results as well as preparation of auditable reports and presentations. Our range. Involvement in a young, motivated and very collegial team with varied tasks. Independent, versatile and responsible tasks with corresponding training phase. Flexible working hours (flexitime) as well as performance-related pay. Targeted training under the motto xe2x80x9We demand and promote . Attractive development and career opportunities in a dynamic and growing environment. A nice office with a perfect connection to public transport. Exciting and varied projects in an international environment. Your profile. Successfully completed study of Business Informatics, Process Management (University of Applied Sciences). Ideally a focus in the areas of process management, data analytics, project management. Great interest in business processes. Very good IT knowledge, especially MS Office, SQL. Basic knowledge of ERP systems (eg SAP), process management and financial accounting are advantageous. Very good German and English skills. Strong analytical, structured thinking and good judgment. Integrity, team spirit and accuracy. Based on a full-time job, we offer a monthly gross salary between EUR 2. 200 and EUR 2. 800. The amount of your salary depends on your qualifications and experience. For more information about our law firm, our employees, our service and our clients, visit our website grantthornton. at. We look forward to getting to know you better. Please send your application to career @ at. gt. com.Your contact person. Mag. Stefan Duder HR Manager T 43 1 262 62 79 Rivergate, Handelskai 92, Gate 2, 7A, 1200 Vienna. , 20180418T13: 33: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5280234, Law, Taxes, Economy, Drinks, Fruit, Grant Thornton Unitreu GmbH, kcdn. atcompany174733197555gtlogoprimarypantone268. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1200, Rivergate Handelskai 92, Gate 2, 7A, sameAs: grantthornton. at
Senior Retail Risk Solutions Manager (fm), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Senior Retail Risk Solutions Manager (fm). The Department Retail Risk Solutions Management is part of the RBI Retail Risk Division and drives the risk management toolset implementation and retail infrastructure rollout in the RBI group. We are covering the whole retail credit risk life cycle on application underwriting, fraud risk management, analytics portfolio management, customer relationship management and collection focus areas.We are looking for a Senior Retail Risk Solutions Manager who acts as a subject matter expert for various modules within the Retail Credit Risk Solution, such as internal portfolio reporting, stress testing (including reverse and EUwide stress tests documentation and reporting) or economic capital calculation.What you can expect:Specify and document RBIs retail credit test stress test methodologies, procedures and frameworks, and practices. Demonstrate experience in ICAAP, forecasting of regulatory capital and knowledge of stress testing and modelling techniques. Perform integrated and reversed stress testing, using advanced methodology for regulatory EU wide stress testing. Actively develop and create modules of the Retail Credit Risk Solution (RCRS) and drive standardized rollouts covering all major portfolios. Actively develop IFRS9 impairment analysis and plausibility checks including data loading routines. Integrate Expected Loss calculation with existing department processes and data flows resp. specify and set up necessary new processes. Operate and maintain IFRS9 retail impairment stage 1, 2, 3 modules including data delivery monitoring in Head Office (HO). Further develop retail risk infrastructure covering HO needs and support individual NWUs (banks and leasing companies). Develop current reporting packages (QlikSense, SAS) to satisfy internal as well as external needs and to harmonize report requirements. Demonstrate compliance with regulatory standards to internal and external audit and regulatory bodies. What you bring to the table:Master degree in Economic Sciences or Business Administration with strong Mathematical, Statistical or Econometrical and technical background?. At least 5 years of experience in risk management of a bank, financial institution or consultancy company in an international environment (thereof at least 3 years experience in retail risk management)?. Business level command of English, knowledge of CEE language would be an advantage?. Very good SAS programming skills. Knowledge of databases structure and management (SQL, SAS, etc. )?. Experience in regression and econometric modelling?. Experience in data mining and cleaning, restructuring and merging large datasets?. Combination of high energy and pleasant personality, analytical thinking and creative problem solving, handson line management approach to drive results and consulting, matrixmanagement support, strong selfinitiative?. Able to run several smaller projects independently and prioritize within given guideline. What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at 60. 000 gross p. a. including overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180418T16: 14: 180200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5280376, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
Destination Manager CEE with Croatian, Guided tours. Cooking classes. Sightseeing buses. Canal cruises. There are a lot of things to do when you e discovering a new place. The hard part? Figuring out where to start! GetYourGuide collects and categorizes all the worlds things to do so you research less and do more. Africa to Oceania and back again, we make it simple for you to find and book an activity that will make your trip or your day. Its a big world out there. Lets go exploring!Want to know more about our team? We are avid adventurers, love challenges and are absolutely dedicated to delivering amazing products and travel to our customers. We come from all over the world and bring diverse skills and knowledge to work everyday. And we love working in a fastpaced, exciting startup! Get to know us better at inside. getyourguide. com or visit our website to check out the latest opportunities.Destination Manager CEE with Croatian. based in Vienna. With 400 employees from 50 nationalities, GetYourGuide is on a mission to turn trips into amazing experiences, using our product and technology to change the way travelers find and book things to do and explore in their destinations. We connect travelers to a vast catalog of amazing experiences through our online marketplace. . Are you an enthusiastic sales person with a great passion for our product and ready for new challenges? Are you interested in supporting our continued growth in Central and Eastern Europe? Do you want to become an expert in providing our customers with the ultimate holiday experience? Then join us!. You will be inspired by our industry leading team of GYG Destination Managers who are at the cutting edge of not only discovering the best and most popular things to do in their destinations, but also making them easily bookable for our customers.Your tasks include but are not limited to:Owning your destination(s) and its key performance metrics including;. Strong Revenue Growth. Product Inventory. Customer Satisfaction. Responsible for the entire sales funnel from start to end: from acquisition and onboarding, negotiating with key attractions and tours, getting the best conditions, closing the deal and post deal communication. Keeping up with, and being the contact person for your destinations market landscape including tourism trends and competition. Constant presence in the field; experiencing our products in order to discover where customers pain points are, implementing solutions and working closely with our suppliers to test new ideas that will wow our customers.Your profile:Ideally 2 years of B2B sales experience, TourismECommerce industry experience is a PLUS. Croatian native speaker with fluent English. Independent, creative, think outside the box. Enjoys overcoming objections and closing deals with challenging clients. Passionate about travelling and visiting top destinations on a monthly basis. Likes data a working proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Powerpoint. Excellent and natural ability to establish and build great business relationships with clients. Confident, approachable and solutionoriented with good organizational skills. Proven track record of exceeding sales targets. Resultfocused and selfdriven. A positive cando attitude and a strong inner drive to succeed!. Why work with us?. Grow with a large degree of freedom. Set your own goals and how to achieve them by having full ownership and responsibility from day one. Live the life of our customers by experiencing and improving our products by yourself. Work in an international team with varied experience levels where you are constantly learning and growing. Be an integral part of the companys growth and success we work with a virtual stock agreement. Join us for weekly all hands meeting and monthly financial updates. Also check out life at GetYourGuide on our blog at inside. getyourguide. com to get some insights into what happens behind the scenes.Curious?. Do you have the skills to do the job, enthusiasm for our vision and fit our culture? Yes? Great, we already look forward to hearing from you! Please include your resume and cover letter in English. If you have any further questions, please contact us via jobs@getyourguide. com.GetYourGuide Web: careers. getyourguide. com. , 20180418T17: 26: 310200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5280386, Gastgewerbe, Tourismus, , GetYourGuide, , Berlin, Germany, 10409, ErichWeinertstrasse 145C, sameAs:
(Senior) Project Manager Industry 4. 0 (mw) MESmerizing ?, (Senior) Project Manager Industry 4. 0 (mw) MESmerizing ?. (Jn 41473) Place of work: Vienna and Germany. You know what the catchphrases Industry 4.0, Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence are and feel comfortable in the industrial environment? Then become part of a dynamic software company and innovate with your customers right from the beginning. Your future role. You are responsible for the planning and implementation of standard software solutions in the production environment. Consulting and solution development together with customers and the developer team. Support for integration tests and training up to RollOut. Competent contact person for customers and colleagues. They offer. Experience in customer consulting and process analysis. Know-how in Supply Chain Management. Project experience in the industrial environment with MES, APS or ERP systems. First contact with SAP logistics modules. Analytical and service-oriented personality. Very good German and English. Willingness to travel 60% in Austria and Germany. The special thing about this position. Exciting projects in the area of ​​large customers. Strong cohesion in the team as well as numerous company events. Further education is very important. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 3600 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 3600 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Maria Theuermann (0043 1 5238 207 19), maria. dear man @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180419T07: 43: 430200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Germany, Germany, DE, 5280629, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Internship: Data mining (mf), Internship: Data mining (mf). Gratkorn. Apply. NXP Semiconductors enables secure connections and infrastructure for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, we are driving innovation in the secure connected vehicle, endtoend security privacy and smart connected solutions markets.Your role: In this position you e going to contribute to and develop a logging, monitoring and reporting environment. Your ideas and creativity during the concept phase will be highly appreciated. Youll extract and generate data relevant for engineering and management. Youll be developing scripts and tools to do that. Scripts and tools will need to support automation and shall be scalable. Youll contribute to and develop a web interface to visualize the data. Documentation will accompany your everyday work.Your profile: Your e doing some software related studies, e. g. Computer Engineering, Telematics, Informatics, xe2x80xa6 You have an independent working style You are characterized by your willingness to learn and your curiosity You have a good command of English and German You e familiar with UnixLinux environment, e. g. shell scripting, xe2x80xa6 You e familiar with scripting languages, e. g. perl, python, tcl, xe2x80xa6 You e familiar with version control systems, e. g. svn, DesSync, xe2x80xa6 You e familiar with Windows environment You e familiar with web design. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 12. 00 grosshour (freelance contract).NXP is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer regardless of age, color, national origin, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity andor expression, marital status, status as a disabled veteran andor veteran of the Vietnam Era or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, NXP will provide reasonable accommodations for otherwise qualified disabled individuals.Apply. FULLTIME. R10010009. About Us. Our people are the heart and soul of our business. Their talent enables NXP to continue providing Secure Connections for a Smarter World. Helping every employee to be the best that they can be is a core part of our philosophy. This means creating the right environment for individuals to flourish, with ample opportunities for career development. , 20180419T07: 46: 300200, INTERN, Gratkorn, Steiermark, AT, 5280651, Industrie, Produktion, Essenszulage, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, NXP Semiconductors Austria GmbH Standort Gratkorn, kcdn. atcompany18289368695logonxpsemiconductorsaustriagmbhstandortgratkorn. companymid. gif, Gratkorn, 8101, MikronWeg 1, sameAs: nxp. com
Accounting Internship (mf), Accounting Internship (mf). Vienna. Job Summary. During this internship you will get the chance to deepen your theoretical knowledge on Accounting and actively participate in the daily business. You will get an experience of working in amulticultural setting with a young and motivated team.Your tasks. Supporting the Accounting department at their daily work with the preparation and closing of separate and consolidated reports:Assist the Accounting closing procedure. Preparing Excel master files and assist calculation. Assistance in IC reconciliation. Assistance in establishing RAS reports to Russia. Optimization of the current process, etc.Supporting projects which are currently running in the department:Assistance in the implementation of the SAP consolidation tool. Historical data migration and data maintenance. Set up of IFRS 9 project, etc.Your Profile. Active student at university or business school with relevant financeaccounting specialization and basic knowledge in IFRS accounting. Very good accounting skills. Excellent English knowledge, German knowledge would be an advantage. Independent and responsible working manner. Advanced Excel skills, ability to deal with big data sheets. Willingness to work on learningbydoingtasks. Responsible and organized person with a builtup sense for urgency and punctuality. Your Chance. We offer you an internship on part time basis with a maximum monthly salary of 1. 500 Euro gross. You can gain outstanding experience which enhances your theoretical knowledge starting asap. This is a unique opportunity to get a first insight into IFRS Group Accounting of a bank. You will have a chance to gather international experience in a dynamic and moving forward environment, while getting familiar with all aspects of accounting and finance management. Interested?. We`re looking forward to your online application!. Sberbank Europe AG Schwarzenbergplatz 3, 1010 Vienna, Austria Tel. : 43 1 22732 0 sberbank. at. , 20180419T09: 43: 290200, INTERN, Wien, Wien, AT, 5280793, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, Kantine, Fitnessangebote, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, SBERBANK Europe AG, kcdn. atcompany24754460330logosberbankeuropeag. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1010, Schwarzenbergplatz 3, sameAs: sberbank. at
Software Engineer Content Data APIs, Software Engineer Content Data APIs. IT. Red Bull Media House is a global media company that produces, distributes and publishes authentic content and inspirational entertainment programming in the sports and lifestyle genres. From film to television, print to digital media, music and games, the companys products can be experienced on the latest devices and platforms, fascinating audiences worldwide. In order to engage with the brands target audience, Red Bull Media House develops, produces and distributes an increased amount of compelling content. The Red Bull Media Network (RBMN) is a portfolio of outstanding, global consumer facing content experiences. Technically, these experiences are built on top of the redbull. com web platform, which is composed of multiple homegrown and thirdparty services and solutions. For the RBMN API engineering team we are currently looking for a Software Engineer (mf) Content Data APIs.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Elsbethen, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull Media House. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). In a nutshellAs Software Engineer Content APIs, you will drive the further design and development of our backend services. Youll work in a small team together with our API consumers and product management on implementing contentcatalogue, selection and recommendation APIs. With your technical background, you are handson in every layer of the tech stack, i. e. from cloud to data stores to simple web interfaces. Youll also lead guide external engineers through technical challenges and coordinate engineering tasks with them.Design APIs that developers will loveYou want to make the world of Red Bull even more accessible? A big part of your daytoday responsibility will be the design of new APIs, redesign of existing APIs and API functionality. Our APIs offer simple interfaces to select and access content out of a large pool of highly interconnected data such as stories, events, athletes and videos. The RBMN API engineering team is responsible for building and operating highly available and scalable cloudnative API solutions right at the heart of the redbull. com platform. You will be challenged to create APIs that are loved by developers. Hence, you know what makes a great API that can be evolved without breaking existing API consumers. You know about industry standards and trends in API design (e. g. GraphQL) and can select the right interface for the intended purpose of an API. You know how to hide internal complexities and design APIs that are optimized for solving the needs of our API consumers.Design and build scalable and maintainable software systemsOur API consumers create their customerfacing products on top of the APIs you craft. The systems youll build therefore guarantee highest availability and predictable performance. You know how to build scalable and resilient cloudnative systems that make use of different data stores depending on the usage scenario. Youll define and set up CICD systems to test and securely deploy changes to software systems by guaranteeing uptime at all times. Youll also evaluate and integrate managed cloud solutions to reduce operational overhead and increase development speed. Youll continuously challenge the current setup to identify opportunities to speed up development or reduce risks.Developer evangelismYou know how to explain complex technical concepts to other developers and nondevelopers? You will act as the contact person for both internal and external parties using the APIs you build. Youll analyze API usage and identify design issues in current APIs. By regularly talking to multiple teams, youll also identify opportunities for additional API functionality to assist our API consumers in accomplishing their business goals. In addition, youll lead the design and implementation of a stateoftheart API portal allowing our API consumers to quickly learn and understand the API products we offer. You`ll write concise and appealing howto guides, API references and release announcements and act as a quality gate for technical documentation written by other engineers.Management of engineering projectsYou will plan and organize engineering projects and break them down into digestible pieces. You`ll set up and maintain JIRA sprints, epics, stories, and coordinate engineering tasks with other engineers (external engineering partners). You will prepare and coordinate rollouts of features with other engineering teams. You will identify and raise possible blockers preventing you from delivering new functionality in time.Technical innovationYou keep uptodate with new industry trends and standards. You continuously screen the market for potential new solutions, which could provide business value. Having identified some appealing solutions, you perform a sound evaluation assessment of the solution by creating POCs and pilot installations.Your experience includes:(proven performance in). 2 years` experience in software engineering, ideally creating API products or web applications in NodeJS, GO or JAVA. Experienced with testdriven development. Knowledge of running a SQL and NoSQL data stores in a production environment. Experience in 3rd party API integration (e. g. REST, authentication, decoupling). Experience with cloud services offered by AWS or Google Cloud. Experience with popular API standards is a plus (e. g. JSONAPIs, HAL, GraphQL). Knowledge of building applications on top of Elasticsearch is a plus. Ideally, you already worked with a distributed system microservices architecture. Experience in building contentbased recommendation systems is a plus. Bachelor or master degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems or technical college (e. g. HTL) with several years work experience. Fluent in English. Travel up to: 25%. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1, 586 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180419T09: 43: 550200, FULLTIME, Elsbethen, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5280795, Medien, Verlagswesen, , Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals bei Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStraße 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
Assistant Model Developer, UBIMET has its headquarters in Vienna, Austria and ranks among the leading weather service providers in Europe. International experts in the fields of meteorology, physics, biology and geography issue customized, individual and precise weather forecasts for several million private and industrial customers in numerous countries. The company founders and the shareholder (Red Bull) pursue the goal to be the weather service with the worlds best quality forecasts. In order to deal with a rapidly growing number of potential clients, we are looking for highly skilled, exceptional people to join our team in Vienna as:Assistant Model Developer (parttime or full time). In accordance with UBIMETs global expansion strategy, our model developers deal with a wide variety of climatological conditions. Therefore, we are looking for motivated team members who will work with us to adapt our weather models to produce accurate forecasts in various countries and meteorological situations.Your main responsibilities are:Operation, monitoring and tuning of numerical weather prediction models. Management of data inputs. Implementation of defined case studies. Data conversion and visualization. Appliance of a verification framework. We are looking for analytical and enthusiastic personalities with:A completed Bachelors degree in Meteorology, Physics, Geophysics, Geography, Mathematics, Chemistry, Informatics or a related field (or in the final stages). Basic understanding of the following subjects:Fluid dynamics (numerics, dynamics, physics). Programming skills in Fortran is a must. MatLab, R, PERL and Python are a plus. Experience with Linux as a working environment (development and deployment). Excellent German and English skills. Experience with meteorological forecasting models is a plus but not necessarily required. A goaloriented and result driven approach. A proactive, independent and organized way of working. In exchange we offer:A chance to use your expertise in big data. Challenging tasks in an interesting and international working environment. Excellent career opportunities in an innovative and rapidly growing company. Pleasant working atmosphere in a highly motivated team. We are legally obliged to state the minimum salary. The minimum salary in the collective agreement is EUR 1. 830, 09 gross per month for a fulltime position. Of course we are willing to pay the marketrate salary depending on your qualifications and professional background. If your experiences and skills match our job profile, we are looking forward to your application, including your detailed CV. With just a few clicks, you can apply online and start the sunny side of your career. , 20180419T10: 51: 000200, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5280866, Wissenschaft, Forschung, , UBIMET GmbH, kcdn. atcompany17281518826logoubimetgmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1220, DonauCityStraße 11, sameAs: ubimet. com
Java Software Developer (mf), Hexagon Geospatial helps you make sense of the dynamically changing world. Hexagon Geospatial provides the software products and platforms to a large variety of customers through direct sales, channel partners, and Hexagon businesses. For more information, visit hexagongeospatial. com or contact us at marketing@hexagongeospatial. com. Recognized as a leader within the enterprise solutions and technology market, Hexagon Geospatial has evolved over 30 years into the most comprehensive provider of solutions for GIS, remote sensing, photogrammetry, cartography and compression across the globe. Today, a wide variety of organizations rely on our products including local, state and national mapping agencies, transportation departments, engineering and utility companies and businesses serving agriculture and natural resource needs. We are looking for a. JAVA SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (MF). Duties and Responsibilities. Write geospatial software and develop APIs, working with large codebases and across different industries.Development and maintenance of highlyscalable Java SE applications as part of an agile software development team.Jointly design the Software Architecture of the applications with our lead developers. Your Profile. Very good skills with Java technologies (mostly Java SE 8 11). Experience with Gradle, Maven, GIT, JUnit. Experience in analytics and design. Experience with relational databases (ORACLE andor SQL Server andor PostGIS). Ideally experience with C as well (not required). Ideally experience with GIS data and related tools (not required). Solid technical education (computer science, software engineering) or experience to compensate for it. Strong communication skills in German and English. Great team player, reliable coworker and enthusiastic innovatorWe offer you. Hexagon Geospatial offers you a diversified and responsibly work in a dynamic company. Our corporate culture is characterized with flexibility, team spirit, candidness and personal engagement.Our strong points are flat hierarchies, short decision paths and a relaxed but professional working environment.You wanna take a look behind the scenes? Watch some #MyGeoStory of our employees.According to the collective agreement, the gross monthly salary for this position starts at EUR 3. 282 gross per month (14 x p. a. ). The actual salary will depend on qualifications and work experience.If you are looking for a job in a technically minded setting donxc2xb4t hesitate to send us your application (either in German or English) by using the reference number 232018. Donxc2xb4t forget to mention your salary expectations and your possible start date.Intergraph Ges. m. b. H. (Division Hexagon Geospatial) Dagmar Hoeger Margaretenstr. 70I1 1050 Wien hrgermanyhsi@hexagonsi. com Web: hexagongeospatial. com. , 20180419T14: 42: 490200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5281212, Handel, , Intergraph Gesellschaft m. b. H. , kcdn. atcompany213351714316logointergraphgesellschaftmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1050, Margaretenstraße 70, Stiege I, , sameAs: hexagonsafetyinfrastructure. comdede
SAP in-house consultant SDMM (mw), SAP in-house consultant SDMM (mw). State of Vienna Permanent employment by our customer. Reference number 3711236. My tasks. Classic support, analysis and process design in the SAP modules SDMM. Requirements analysis with the appropriate specialist departments and customers as well as optimization and further development of existing processes. Contact for specialist departments and customers in all relevant questions about SAP SDMM. Support for SAP SDM processes. My qualifications. Studied business administration, business informatics or comparable relevant training. Profound experience in the SAP modules SDMM. Basic understanding in ABAP. Motivation and enjoyment of the consulting activity. Willingness to travel to a maximum of 10%. My advantages. Attractive field of activity with excellent conditions for your professional and personal development. InhousePosition with minimal travel expenses in the heart of Vienna. Self-employed activity with innovative projects. Open and team-oriented corporate culture with flat hierarchies. Home Office and various employee benefits. My employer. Our customer is a leader in the development of innovative software solutions in the areas of big data, new world of work, digitization and identity access management. For the advertised position, a collective agreement minimum salary of EUR 3. 904 per month is envisaged. Depending on experience and qualification, a significant overpayment is possible. About Hays. IT experts have good cards just when they are motivated and have the right qualifications. Our business and public sector clients are looking for dedicated, on-the-job IT positions, permanent or temporary workers, who like to think outside the box and meet their challenges. We make sure that you, as an IT specialist, benefit from our many years of experience in IT personnel recruitment and find suitable assignments with us - and that completely free of charge for you. Register and benefit from interesting and appropriate positions and projects.My contact at Hays. My contact Christian Mayrhofer Key Account Manager Reference number 3711236 Contact EMail: christian. mayrhofer @ hays. at. Apply now. at., 20180420T08: 25: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5281337, Personnel Service, Education and Training, Hays Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3231433343logohaysag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1150, Europaplatz 35, sameAs: hays. at
SAP FI Inhouse Consultant (mw), SAP FI Inhouse Consultant (mw). State of Vienna Permanent employment by our customer. Reference number 3711226. My tasks. Supervision of the SAP FICOModule. Optimization of existing SAP FIP processes. Analysis of the requirements of the department as well as definition and implementation of the processes. Support. My qualifications. Studied business administration, business informatics or comparable relevant training. Profound experience in the SAP modules FICO. Teamwork, motivation and enjoyment of the consulting activity. Willingness to travel to the extent of around 10%. My advantages. Attractive field of activity with excellent conditions for your professional and personal development. InhousePosition with minimal travel expenses in the heart of Vienna. Self-employed activity with innovative projects. Open and team-oriented corporate culture with flat hierarchies. Home Office and various employee benefits. My employer. Our customer is a leader in the development of innovative software solutions in the areas of big data, new world of work, digitization and identity access management. The collectively agreed minimum salary for the advertised job is EUR 3 per month. 904 Depending on your qualifications and experience, a significant overpayment is possible. About Hays. IT experts have good cards just when they are motivated and have the right qualifications. Our business and public sector clients are looking for dedicated, on-the-job IT positions, permanent or temporary workers, who like to think outside the box and meet their challenges. We make sure that you, as an IT specialist, benefit from our many years of experience in IT personnel recruitment and find suitable assignments with us - and that completely free of charge for you. Register and benefit from interesting and appropriate positions and projects.My contact at Hays. My contact Christian Mayrhofer Key Account Manager Reference number 3711226 Contact EMail: christian. mayrhofer @ hays. at. Apply now. at., 20180420T08: 25: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5281339, Personnel Service, Education and Training, Hays Österreich GmbH, kcdn. atcompany3231433343logohaysag. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1150, Europaplatz 35, sameAs: hays. at
Digital Marketing Manager, SEO and Performance (mf), Passionate about SEO? Inspired by performance marketing and customer data? Then read onxe2x80xa6 If you know how to make compelling, timesensitive content visible to search engines, and you have experience in scaling performance marketing campaigns, we look forward to receiving your application!. Digital Marketing Manager SEO and Performance (mf). Your tasks. Analysis of growth drivers with a strong focus on performance marketing and SEO. Further development of SEO activities and processes, and success monitoring. Significant strategic input to performance marketing activities. Systematic analysis, experimentation and optimisation. Close cooperation with the entire team in particular marketing, product and IT. Your skills. 5 years experience in successful growth companies. Indepth analysis expertise, covering campaign and customer journey data. Excellent SEO knowledge, both conceptual and practical (Google Search Console). Deep expertise in performance marketing. Highly comfortable with numbers, AB testing and customer journey. Good communicator with a resultsoriented way of working. Passion for learning, experimenting, and sharing knowledge. Fundamental interest in FinTechs and or the financial industry. Very good German and English, both spoken and written. Nice to have. Detailed technical knowledge of SEO. Experience with the application of statistical analysis methods. Knowledge of many Google Analytics tricks. Thatss what awaits you. We, the team behind the investor platform wikifolio. com, have set ourselves the goal of establishing social trading as a preferred alternative for European retail investors. Join the Investor Revolution with our startup of the Year 2017!. You could have an exciting job in a young, dynamic and collegiate team. You could work with stateoftheart technologies and enjoy a fun social life with the team. This is a dynamic company which is rapidly growing, so there are superb opportunities for career development and diversification. We are offering an annual gross salary based on your qualification and experience.Your application. To apply for this position please submit your letter of application and your CV (in english) under the reference number 69. 267 to our ISGcareer portal or by email.Visit us at career. isg. com here you will find daily new job offers. ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A1020 Wien, Rustenschacherallee 38. Nicole Fugger, T: 43 1 512 35 05 73. eMail: bewerbung. fugger@isg. com. , 20180420T07: 50: 460200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5281613, Personaldienstleistung, Obst, Mitarbeiterhandy, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Wien, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
DevOps Engineer (mw), DevOps Engineer (mw fulltime). shape your own path!. craftworks is a software and artificial intelligence company based in Vienna, Austria. We develop individual solutions in areas such as Predictive Maintenance, Natural Language Processing, Predictive Analytics and lots more. Amongst our clients are internationally acclaimed industrial companies and automobile manufacturers as well as the Austrian national rail services and the Austrian Post. As a result of our great teamwork we e finding ourselves constantly expanding. This is why we are on the lookout for talented and motivated DevOps Engineers experienced with the development, maintenance and deployment of web big data applications.In your future role, you will. develop, integrate and tune applications on top of the Apache Stack (Hadoop, Spark, etc. ). be part of an outstanding, agile and interdisciplinary team (youll work closely together with Data Scientists, Data and Software Engineers). work on innovative products and with large datasets. transform ideas into innovative tools. constantly evaluate and implement infrastructure recommendations and processes. share your knowledge and experience with your team members. take on responsibility for your own projects. Your desired skills. Considerable experience in developing web applications (preferred Java). Considerable experience with Linux, Docker, SoftwareBuildPipelines, IT operations and CICD Tools (e. g. Jenkins). Experience in connecting and scaling different technologies (e. g. with the Apache Stack). A strong grasp of automation tools. Experience in building and running applications using the Apache Stack (Hadoop, Spark,). An open, collaborative and approachable personality and the desire to be an active contributor to the team. Eager to learn and grow on new challenges. A work environment ideal for digital engineers:Youll get all the tools and devices you need in order for you to have the resources and the space to strive to the best of your abilities, whilst working in a focused and quiet workspace.Working on problems not yet solved. Working with big datasets and heavy industry machines. The possibility to actively cocreate content and projects. Our special features:Our craftworks day A whole day for you to work on your own ideas. The possibility and the budget to constantly develop and further extend and widen your skillset. Flexible working hours and the option to work remote. Our team events, such as the Eurocup 2016, BeersIdeas, or communal breakfasts. Equipment of your choice. Subsidies for daily lunches. As much of the finest italian espresso as you desire. Nice office in the heart of Vienna (close to Mariahilferstraße). xc2xb0. Participation in hackathons all over Europe. The pay:According to Austrian law we e required to display the minimum wage on our job listings. The minimum wage is EUR 2. 908 month according to the collective contract. However depending on your skill set and the amount of work you do for us, we are willing to raise the pay.Without our genius team wed only be half as successful. If youd like to be a part of our collective and would love to work with us on exciting and innovative projects, whiz your CV over to jobs@craftworks. at and Kathrin will be in touch. We e looking forward to hearing from you!. , 20180423T08: 40: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5281779, Internet, IT, Telekom, , craftworks GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1125363020023logo. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Schottenfeldgasse 206A, sameAs: craftworks. at
Software Engineer B2B B2C, Software Engineer B2B B2C. IT. Red Bull Media House is a global media company that produces, distributes and publishes authentic content and inspirational entertainment programming in the sports and lifestyle genres. From film to television, print to digital media, music and games, the companys products can be experienced on the latest devices and platforms, fascinating audiences worldwide. In order to engage with the brands target audience, Red Bull Media House develops, produces and distributes an increased amount of compelling content. The Red Bull Media Network (RBMN) is a set of outstanding, global consumer facing experiences. Products and channels in this portfolio are built on top of a technical platform, composed of multiple homegrown and thirdparty services and solutions, suiting the specific demands of Red Bull. We are looking for a Software Engineer (mf) who is handson in every layer of the technical stack, i. e. from Cloud to backend services to UI components.In 1987, Red Bull not only launched a completely new product, it created and has led ever since a whole new product category, Energy Drinks. Nowadays Red Bull employs more than 11500 people in over 171 countries, selling over 6 billion cans a year. The World of Red Bull provides the forum for you to use your talent and passion, to develop yourself and make an impact. Find out why we e different.Location Elsbethen, Salzburg, Austria. Schedule Fulltime. Organisation Red Bull Media House. Areas that play to your strengths. (all the responsibilities well trust you with). In a nutshellAs Software Engineer B2C B2B you will be part of the Red Bull Media Network Platform team responsible for the design, implementation, integration and operations of B2C B2B services and applications.Close collaboration with other departmentsIn this exciting role, you will closely work together with the Product Management team and multiple Red Bull and Red Bull Media House teams, always having the holistic platform view and purpose in mind. You`ll understand the business context needs, identify derive functional and nonfunctional requirements and communicate (new) technical solutions implementations.Deliver new featuresYou`ll code and deliver feature complete implementations with special attention to speed (i. e. new features) performance, security, automation (you build it, you own it), scalability and sustainability.Ensure smooth integration of consumer facing applicationsPart of your role will be to assure a smooth integration of new and existing consumer facing applications into the Red Bull user data services world (e. g. Login) and multiple internal Red Bull systems (e. g. Email Marketing, Data warehouse). You`ll define the (REST) APIs that will be exposed to the (external) applications, paying high attention to security and usability.Attention to SecuritySecurity is more than a buzzword for you? You understand the security concepts inherent to modern software systems, from the web frontend (e. g. XSS, Injection, CSRF) to backend and databases. You are always aware of the privacy and data protection issues related to the systems, specifically concerning the upcoming General Data Protection Regulation. Hence, you`ll stay uptodate with security standards.Collaboration with internal external developersYou enjoy working together with multiple teams of internal and external developers? In this role, you will actively take part in regular development meetings (Spring Planning, Reviews, Standups, etc).Raise our solution to a next levelYoull constantly keep uptodate with new industry trends and standards. Therefore, youll screen the market for potential new solutions and perform evaluation assessment (technical pilots POCs). Moreover, you`ll contribute in avoiding technical debt by actively improving the system.Your experience includes:(proven performance in). First experience in software engineering and high interest in fullstack development. Knowledge in fundamental and popular web and new media technologiesservices, JavaScript frameworks (e. g. AngularJS, React), SaaS solutions, application frameworks (e. g. Spring, Vert. x), persistence solutions (e. g. MongoDB, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL), middleware technologies (e. g. Java, Node. js). Experience in ClientServer development (JavaScript, Java, web development) and knowhow in application frameworks. Interest in software design, ecosystems, platforms, web scale APIs and system integration and passion for new technologies. General understanding of modern online application architecture concepts, such as availability, scalability, resilience, responsiveness, security, etc.Experience with testing in modern software systems is a plus. Interest in 3rd party API integration (e. g. REST, authentication, decoupling). Basic understanding and interest in cloud technologies. Willingness to learn and courage to challenge the status quo. Bachelor or master degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems or alternative to a study an accomplished apprenticeship in this field or Federal Higher Technical Institute (HTL) with several years work experience. Fluent in English. In your cover letter, please include an explanation of why your experience is specifically relevant to this role at Red Bull. We want to see your personal style what makes you tick and why you think your next opportunity is here with us.Apply Now. Due to legal reasons we are obliged to disclose the minimum salary according to the collective agreement for this position, which is EUR 1, 586 gross per month. However, our attractive compensation package is based on marketoriented salaries and is therefore significantly above the stated minimum salary. , 20180420T09: 55: 470200, FULLTIME, Elsbethen, Salzburg, AT, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5281817, Medien, Verlagswesen, , Red Bull Media House GmbH, kcdn. atcompany35624390202logoredbullmediahousegmbh. companymid. jpg, Wals bei Salzburg, 5071, OberstLepperdingerStraße 1115, sameAs: redbullmediahouse. com
Scientist (mw) for data analysis in the field of thermal energy systems, We are Austrias largest applied research institution and play in many infrastructure topics worldwide in the first league. This makes us a powerful development partner to the industry and a top employer in the international science scene. Our Center for Energy is looking for a new Ingenious Partner in Vienna: Scientist (mw) for data analysis in the field of thermal energy systems. IMAGINE. You are part of a team with a wide range of competences in energy technology, from process engineering to computer technology and IT. They work on research projects in the field of energy efficiency and renewable energies with large companies. They use information technology and data modeling methods in the field of thermal energy systems. ENGAGE. They develop and program algorithms for data analysis and evaluation and apply them to operating data of buildings and building energy systems. They work with data analysis platforms and create applications using existing AIS services. They expand their knowledge and skills in the field of digitization of energy systems. You are an active member in the energy and data research community. You create and edit your own research projects with your colleagues. You become a reliable contact person for our industrial partners. As an Ingenious Partner you bring: Degree in computer engineering, computer science, applied mathematics, technical Physics or similar. Sound programming experience in a programming language (eg Python, Java, C). Several years of experience with data analysis platforms such as Matlab, R, Microsoft Azure or IBM Watson. Very good understanding of data models (time series data, communication, digital planning or similar). Interest in energy efficiency and renewable energy issues. German and English spoken and written. Your income: Basic collective agreement EUR 44. 786, 00 gross per year. More according to your qualifications and experience. TOMORROW TODAY WITH YOU? Then send your application with certificates and photo. Ms Maria LeonhardMaurer, MSc, Head of Personnel Services maria. Leonhard mason @ ait. ac. at ait. ac. at 43 (0) 505502032., 20180420T10: 24: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5281849, Science, Research, Education and Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Benefits, AIT Austrian Institute of Technology GmbH, kcdn. atcompany6988363659logoaitaustrianinstituteoftechnologygmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1210, Giefinggasse 4, sameAs: ait. ac. at
Software Developer for Computer Vision (mw), Software Developer for Computer Vision (mw). from 40,000 EUR. Gross annual salary. Full time. Employment. Graz (AT). Place. Our customer is a specialist in the field of intelligent image processing systems for industry. With these systems it is possible to process optical data error-free and thus to automate, for example, the quality control in a production. The results of the customer projects are efficient high-tech solutions. For the headquarters near Graz, we are looking for an agile software developer for industrial image processing. Offer: Participation in a motivated team in a highly innovative work environment. Numerous shopping benefits, employee events, supported canteen. After training possibility for HomeOffice (1 day week). Possibility of co-creation by bringing in own ideas. Hierarchical organization and flexible working hours. Varied continuing education offer. Task: Development of image processing software modules specially tailored to the needs of the customer. Accompaniment of various customer projects from planning to commissioning. Creation of prototypes of individual image processing algorithms and implementation in C #. Conducting tests at the customer site and possible corrections in the code. Ongoing exchange with teammates for common goal achievement. Requirement profile: Completed technical education related to image processing or corresponding professional experience. In-depth knowledge of image processing, computer vision, machine learning. First experience with Halcon or OpenCV advantageous. Expertise in lighting and camera technology advantageous. Team player with agile way of working. Start: immediately (taking into account any notice period). Salary: A gross annual salary of EUR 40,000 or above is earmarked for this position. Overpayment depending on professional experience and qualification. , 20180420T11: 41: 000200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5281936, Personnel Service,, JobRocker International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1086753212355logogross. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1200, Handelskai 92, Rivergate, City Atrium C1, sameAs: jobrocker. com
Risk Data Analyst (mw), For us, change is the only constant and change on the agenda. We see change as an opportunity. You are a team player and love to drive things together? You bring your own ideas from the beginning? You appreciate a pleasant working environment in an agile structure with flat hierarchies? You want a job that, according to Great Place to Work (R) Audit, is one of the best in Austria? Then you are exactly the person we are looking for! Apply with us and come to INGDiBa !. Risk Data Analyst (mw) full time. Your tasks. Development, maintenance and optimization of various evaluations with a focus on expressiveness, sustainability and data quality. Further development of automated reporting from the internal databases in the financial and non-financial risk area. Cooperation in the development and validation of risk models. Implementation of risk models, policy rules and process flows into the rule engine. Implementation of scenario-based simulations and support in the design and execution of test scenarios. You bring that with you. Completed mathematical, statistical or similar degree. Sound knowledge of SQL and / or SAS programming; R and Python programming knowledge of advantage. Practical experience in data analysis. Ideally, professional experience in data analysis credit risk management at a bank with knowledge of real estate lending. Analytical and logical thinking. Quick comprehension even in complex issues. Independent and structured way of working. Reliability and accuracy. Self-motivation and proactive taking up of relevant topics. Fluent English spoken and written. We offer you that. A challenging job where you can actively participate. An appreciative work climate in an agile structure. A minimum salary of EUR 2. 576, 12 gross for 38, 5 hours per week according to collective agreement for employees of banks and bankers (042018). Your actual salary, we agree together according to qualifications and prior experience in a personal conversation.Du you feel addressed. Apply here !. , 20180420T12: 52: 460200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5282057, Banks, Finance, Insurance,, INGDiBa Austria Branch of INGDiBa AG, kcdn. atcompany5464296688logoingdibaag. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Praterstraße 31, sameAs: ingdiba. at
System Architect (mw) with focus on Microsoft Azure, System Architect (mw) with focus on Microsoft Azure. (Jn 41497) Place of work: Vienna, Frankfurt, Berlin. Our client is an international company specializing in consulting and support of highly complex and available IT infrastructures. A team of specialists is responsible for conducting National and International Cloud Azure projects at the highest technical level. Your future role. Designing and implementing system architectures as part of challenging big data and complex web projects focusing on Microsoft Azure. Technical evaluation of complex IT infrastructures and large web portals including the corresponding advice regarding operation and optimization. Further development and ongoing support of existing customer environments. Support of the sales team in the preparation of offers. They offer. Completed IT training (HTLUni, FH). Very good knowledge of public cloud services with a focus on Microsoft Azure. Extensive experience with virtualization and cloud platforms in highly available Microsoft or ideally Linux environments (eg VMware, KVM, Xen etc.). Broad understanding of technology, especially with regard to cloud and big data environments (Hadoop). Good German and English skills. Traveling. The special thing about this position. You can expect a working environment with well-known national and international customers as well as exciting projects. Extensive design options. Flexible working hours. There are flat hierarchies and a DUKultur. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 5500 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 5500 and EUR 8000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Mathias Fiedler (43 1 523 82 07 105), mathias. fiddler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180423T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Frankfurt, Berlin, 5282199, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
SAP Project Coordinator Project Manager (mw) SAP Process Consultant, The Company. IoT, Industry 4. 0 and machine learning are the buzzwords of the future and our client from the manufacturing industry is also gearing up for the coming decade. In this sense, the Group-wide ERP system landscape (SAP Release ECC 6. 0) is being modernized and you can look forward to exciting, international SAP projects with cutting-edge technologies! Our client in itself ranks among the top 3 in its segment worldwide and has an annual turnover of more than three billion euros. Currently, our customer employs around 10,000 international employees at locations in Africa, Asia, Europe and America. To strengthen the 5-person SAP team in Salzburg, we are looking for you as SAP project coordinator (mw) in permanent position. We look forward to receiving your application!!. SAP Project Coordinator Project Manager (mw) SAP Process Consultant in the Salzburg area. in permanent employment. Your area of ​​responsibility. As a competent contact person you accompany and coordinate the ongoing international SAP projects, for example in Europe, Asia and America. They take over the documentation and the quality management of the processes. Close cooperation with the individual business units and process owners to optimize the SAP strategy, eg with regard to the coordination of future SAP rollout projects (SAPRoadmap). You shape the strategic development of the regional SAP system landscape and advance innovation topics with your enthusiasm. Coordination of the company-wide SAP key users in the departments as well as the external service providers within the individual projects. Your advantage. Attractive remuneration package of at least 65,000 euros gross year and the willingness to overpay coupled with very good special benefits such as a company pension plan. Regular SAP trainings keep your know-how up to date. Optimal WorkLifeBalance through a highly flexible working time model. Exciting and varied projects with the latest SAP technologies. Your profile. Successfully completed studies in business administration, (business) computer science or training with a similar background. Relevant knowledge in one of the modules SAP SD, MM or FI as well as experience in international SAP project management. Very good German and good command of English as well as a willingness to travel in the context of international projects. Your application. Send your CV with project list to your contact person for SAPIT vacancies in Austria.Tom Horkheimer 43 720 515250 thorkheimer @ ratbacher. at. A presentation of your documents with our client takes place only after a mutual discussion and with your consent. Apply now. Ratbacher. 2. 500 renowned employers put their trust in us. Over 10 years experience in the ITSAP personnel consulting. Important background information about the positions. Individual advice along your application process. , 20180423T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5282209, Personaldienstleistung,, Ratbacher GmbH, kcdn. atcompany522893312515logogross. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70176, Schloßstraße 70, sameAs: ratbacher. at
Python Developer (mf), IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, an Austrian based high tech company and develops leadingedge lithography tools, which are of key importance for further miniaturization in semiconductor and nanotech industry. It is our goal to become a global leader in lithographic patterning by leveraging our revolutionary multibeam technology. To strengthen our team for the challenging tasks ahead, we are looking for a. Python Developer (mf). Our tools require highperforming and optimized software, which continuously computes and transports large quantities of live data on a distributed computing cluster. After an extensive introduction, you will be developing software modules in collaboration with other team members. We have an extensive knowhow in highperformance computing and your contribution will continuously extend this knowhow and help to embrace the newest technologies.Responsibilities:Development and optimization of algorithms. Definition of interfaces in distributed systems in collaboration with other design teams. Advancement of the distributed software architecture. Design and implementation of automated tests. Qualifications:Experience in software development or computer science. Knowledge in ObjectOriented Python. Familiarity with team programming methods like code review, version control and bugtracker. Good command of spoken and written English. Experience in the following fields is of additional advantage:Development in Linux environments. Software design with focus on robustness and low maintenance. Performance optimization and profiling. Python libraries and test frameworks like numpy, pandas, matplotlib, nosetests, py. test. Migration of Python 2 projects to Python 3. Distributed software development like clientserver or cluster applications. Parallel computing architectures, e. g. multicore systems, GPU systems. We offer:An exciting occupation with complex, technical challenges. A young and dynamic team with short lines of communication. A culture welcoming high engagement and entrusting you with a broad range of duties. Excellent technical and personal development opportunities. Annual gross salary: starting from EUR 45. 000, according to skills and experience. If you are looking for a demanding and challenging position in a growing high tech company, we look forward to receiving your application, which you can load up online on Careers at ims. co. at. , 20180423T08: 32: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5282687, Industrie, Produktion, Getränke, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Mitarbeiterprämien, IMS Nanofabrication GmbH, kcdn. atcompany11941422741logoimsnanofabricationag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1020, Schreygasse 3, sameAs: ims. co. at
Technical Product Manager, Traveller Host Systems, We e experts in the worlds fastest growing sector globe shopping, where consumers from one country shop in another. We introduced the world to Tax Free Shopping over 30 years ago, but now offer a range of great services to help travellers shop and spend wisely in 43 countries around the world. We work with over 270, 000 of the worlds favourite brands, helping businesses engage with globe shoppers. Our IT headquarter is located in Vienna and we do have offices all over the globe, we e a truly international team. globalblue. com. Technical Product Manager, Traveller Host Systems. Nature and aim of the position. As a Product Manager you will manage Global Blues core system that manages and provides traveller data to client facing systems like web sites, apps but also to other solutions that need to deal with traveller data. You possess a unique blend of business and technical knowledge with bigpicture vision, and the drive to make that vision a reality in collaboration with Business Units and Engineering teams. Strategic direction of the product is set by you as well as defining the roadmap, generating Product requirements, determining specifications, setting priorities and timetables and assuring the successful execution of the implementation. You are capable to establish a deep understanding of the business process and business rules within a short time, so that you can consult the organization in matters relating to your Product. Therefore you also understand the business and process requirements raised by internal business units as well as external stakeholders. You are working as part of the SCRUM team in your role as Product Owner representing the business view and setting the priorities of the features that have to be implemented. As Product Manager you are interacting with the Business Units, Commercial Units as well as all other functions inside the Product Organization and Technology.Main duties and responsibilities. Managing the entire technical product life cycle considering strategic planning to tactical activities. Establish visions, define strategy, get agreement and funding, driving delivery towards Business Units, management, customers. Responsible to ensure low operational efforts and smooth deployment e. g. by packaging the product, reducing manual tasks, etc.Agree and maintain the Product Strategy and Roadmap. Maps user needs with Global Blues strategic direction and objectives. Owns, prioritizes and maintains the Product Backlog (in collaboration with Business Units and Engineering). Act as Product Owner (with support of the team resources) in the SCRUM team. Defines the product requirements based on inputs from Products department, global projects and Technology strategy. Responsible to deliver detailed technical User Stories to the Engineering. Owns and maintains the product budget (incl. development and operation). Assesses market feedback and drives product evolution and innovation. Promotes the product internally and to external customers and partners. Establishes and manages KPIs for the product and optimizes TCO (development and operation). Reporting and collaboration. The holder of the position reports solidline to VP, Product Management. The holder of the position collaborates with Engineering, Business Units and the Commercial organizations. Key competencies. Extensive experience in managing software Products. Very strong business analysis skills and ability to understand and shape efficient processes. People Management skills in virtual and intercultural teams. Ability to motivate team members direct reports as well as team members in matrix organization. Understanding end users needs and behavior using mobile apps. Organizational, presentation and planning skills. Ability to analyse business requirements. Working as Product Owner in SCRUM Agile environments. Understands transactional businesses and handing financial transactions in a real time environment. Preferable skills and competencies. Demonstrates strategic thinking with a strong analytic background. Ability to define business process and business rules with a strong technical focus actively seeks innovative ways to improve processes, products, and user experience. Ability to collect, clarify, and translate business requirements into documentation and conceptual design from which Products are enhanced and developed. Proven ability to quickly learn processes, business rules and procedures. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent presentation skills and an ability to engage audiences. Ability to effectively collaborate with others to reach mutually agreeable outcomes. Ability to work independently as well as with a team.Effective time management skills and ability to meet deadlines. Demonstrates and communicates a can do attitude and positive outlook, minimizing negative behaviors. Fluent in English. Education and qualifications. Wide, extensive knowledge of multiple infrastructureapplication technologies including (but not limited to): SOA, Web services, Application development, Peripheral handling, testing approach. Computer Science or Engineering degree or work experience. Solid understanding of agile (SCRUM) development processes. Project management skills. Experience. 5 years of experience in a similar software Product Management position working with client facing applications in an transactional business. Has managed Products that provides APIs for generic use and assure data consistency (e. g. customer master data, loyalty systems, CRM, etc. ). Understanding of the technical architecture of complex and highly scalable applications. Preferably, a programming background and experience using and developing databases and APIs. Global Blue guarantees a competitive and performancerelated salary depending on your professional and personal qualifications. As required by Austrian federal law we hereby state, that the legal annual minimum compensation according to the Austrian collective agreement amounts to EUR 27. 414, 66 however the total compensation is a subject of individual agreement.Apply. , 20180425T14: 24: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5282731, Sonstige Branchen, Betriebsarzt, Gute Anbindung, Mitarbeiterbeteiligung, Global Blue Service Company Austria, kcdn. atcompany833753295899logoglobalblueregular. companymid. png, Wien, 1200, Handelskai 92, sameAs: globalblue. com
Robot Programmer Automotive and Aerospace (mw), founded in 1987 as a one-man business by Rudolf Trummer, has developed over the past two decades into a leading temporary employment agency with numerous subsidiaries and subsidiaries in Austria, Germany, Hungary and Poland. Robot programmers Automotive and Aerospace (mw). Place of work: Linz and international. Your new task field challenging and future-oriented: Creation and modification of offline and motion programs. Optimize teaching the robot tracks. Programming the logic (signal exchange to the PLC, interlocks, safe zones). Commissioning of the robots including fieldbus systems (Profinet). Commissioning and optimization of robot applications (welding, gluing, riveting, clinching, lasers), as well as process and cycle time optimization. Technical clarification with the customer. Digital factory and digital engineering (virtual commissioning, Digital twin). Integration into higher-level PLCs or control systems (Bigdata). Several months, worldwide building site assignments for the commissioning of the plants. Your qualifications sound and adequate: Completed training (LAP, HTL Fachschule, FH) in the field of mechatronics, electrical engineering, electronics, automation technology or comparable qualifications. Strong interest in technical technical issues (ElektrotechnikMechatronikAutomatisierungstechnik, xe2x80xa6). Willingness to learn and curiosity about new technological developments. Team-oriented approach and very good organizational skills. Traveling. We offer: Modern customer information system. Active support from the sales department and sales colleagues. Training in our parent company. Initial and continuing education. The possibility of a permanent position in an expanding company with the possibility of an in-house career with many years of experience with a market-consistent annual gross salary of at least EUR 34,000.00. With appropriate industry-specific experience, we also offer a corresponding overpayment. Trummer Engineering GmbH Ursula Schmer A8041 Graz, Stadionplatz 2 Tel.: 43 57 100 490 Mobile: 43 664 80571 490 E-mail: ursula. earri @ trummerengineering. com Internet: trummerengineering. com. In accordance with the provisions of the Equal Treatment Act, we use this vacancy notice to address both female and male applicants. , 20180423T09: 27: 000200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5282732, Personnel Service,, Trummer Montage Personal GmbH, kcdn. atcompany307071759941logotrummerpersonalservicelinzgmbh. companymid. gif, Dietersdorf, 8093, Dietersdorf 102, same as: trummer. eu
Project Manager Innovation Department IT (wm), Porsche Informatik is a subsidiary of Porsche Holding Salzburg, Europexc3xa2(tm)s largest automotive dealer. We are developing the digital future in the markets served by Porsche Holding Salzburg and the Volkswagen Group. Mobility is becoming ever more digital, and Porsche Informatikxc3xa2(tm)s aim is to shape the digitization of automotive trading.On our new Digital Innovation Management team, we are seeking:Project Manager Innovation Department IT (wm). Ihre Aufgaben:Responsibility for projects in the field of Data Science, Artificial Intelligence and VirtualAugmented Reality. Definition of solutions together with technical experts and in direct, close contact with clients. Planning of projects according to SCRUM. Collaborating on projects with internal and external partners. Acting as an opinion leader for the projects implemented within the company. Sie bringen mit:A relevant technical course of study. At least three years experience in managing IT related projects. Professional experience in Software Development. Excellent knowledge of agile project management methods like SCRUM. An understanding for projects in the field of Data Science, Artificial Intelligence or Virtual and Augmented Reality. Communication skills and teamwork. A passion for new technologies in a rapidly evolving line of business. An outofthebox thinking mindset. Excellent knowledge of German or English (conversational proficiency). Wir bieten:We are offering you the opportunity to play a part in shaping the digitization of automotive trading. In addition to attractive social benefits and global development opportunities, you can expect a salary based on the applicable collective agreement (CA) and the CA grading commensurate with your individual qualifications and the relevant experience you bring to the position (gross annual salary from EUR 41. 776, ). , 20180423T09: 43: 360200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5282745, Internet, IT, Telekom, Kantine, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Porsche Informatik GmbH, kcdn. atcompany19072346337logoporscheinformatikgmbh. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5020, LouisePixc3xabchStraße 9, sameAs: porscheinformatik. at
Head of Digital and Data Driven Marketing (mw), Our client is a successful, international group in the brand segment of the consumer and luxury goods industry. The international sales, marketing and logistics strategy of the Group is a successful investment in the high customer satisfaction of customers from more than 30 countries across Europe. Due to the successful corporate development and the steady growth of the company, the headquarters in Carinthia will be strengthened by a key function. Head of Digital and Data Driven Marketing (mw). (International Branding CorporationConsumption Industry). Your tasks: In this responsible role, you are responsible for the continuous development of the brand through digital multichannel marketing, in particular through the Integrated Customer Journey and POC. In the role of Head of Digital and Data Driven Marketing, you are responsible for the strategic direction, execution, target achievement, as well as for budget planning and controlling of the department, as well as for the disciplinary management and development of your marketing team. They are implementing and optimizing AlwaysOn Advertising programs (Audience Segmentation, Channel Selection, Content and Asset Planning, RollOut and Workflows, Further Development of Online Marketing Campaigns). You put one of your focus on performance marketing and SEO, develop SEO activities and processes and carry out the appropriate monitoring. Retargeting campaigns (planning, development, management of content management) as well as data management for CRM activities specifically complement your know-how in the area of ​​social media management. The optimization of web platforms, corresponding IT systems in optimal combination with CRMPrograms, databases and data flow processes is one of your responsibilities. They optimize cooperation with external service providers and agencies in multi-channel management (in the field of big data digital or online CRM and the like). Another focus is the planning, implementation and monitoring of retargeting campaigns as well as RTBRTA performance marketing.Your qualification experience: You have a degree in marketing (digital marketing, content marketing or communication), very good business and / or technical know-how and at least 5 years of relevant professional experience in DigitalData Driven or MultiChannelPerformance Marketing in a similar role. Concrete experience with retargeting campaigns and RTB and the handling of relevant data software (preferably Siebel), IT systems (data management platforms, ad servers, demand side platforms), web anlaytics (Google 360) are among your qualifications. We require very good German and English skills as well as experience in cooperation with relevant providers and agencies in the marketing environment. You have optimal leadership experience, strategic planning knowhow and convince through your expertise and your social competence in dealing with internal and external contact persons. Goal-oriented, intercultural openness, creativity coupled with expertise and implementation strength complete your profile.Our offer: Our client offers you the environment of an internationally successful brand company, a responsible and demanding task and a motivated, positive and open-minded working environment in an international context. The position is endowed with a minimum annual gross salary of EUR 60 thousand EUR 80 thousand, the classification and overpayment will be made adequately according to qualification and experience. Location: Carinthia. Application deadline: until 31. 5. 2018. Interested in this unusual, responsible challenge? Then apply under the number 69. 250 preferred over our ISG career portal or by email. Absolute confidentiality is guaranteed. Our advisor is available to you under 4369910400673 gladly for information and inquiries! Visit us on career. isg. com Here you will find new job offers every day.ISG Personalmanagement GmbH. A1020 Vienna, Rustenschacherallee 38. Tel: 43 1 512 35 05. eMail: bewerbungen @ isg. com application @ isg. com. , 20180423T09: 54: 040200, FULLTIME, Klagenfurt, 5282769, Personnel Service, Fruit, Employee Mobile, Flexible Hours, ISG Personalmanagement GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79296362logoisgpersonalmanagementgmbh. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1020, Rustenschacherallee 38, sameAs: isg. com
Data Scientist (wm), your contribution to our corporate success: DATA SCIENTIST (WM). In Vienna. COUNTING ON YOUR TASKS: Contributing to the implementation of AIUsecases (NLP, deep learning, chatbots, etc.) in an innovative team. Create and implement state of the art machine learning and deep learning models. Optimization of existing models. Statistical analyzes. Analysis of structured and unstructured information. YOUR QUALIFICATIONS: Academic education in computer science, mathematics beneficial. At least 2 years of project experience in the data science and machine learning deep learning environment. At least 2 years of project experience with python. Experience with databases (SQL, NoSQL). Statistical Know How. Mathematical Know How. Experience with NLP (Natural Language Processing) and NLU (Natural Language Understanding). Experience in the optimization of models. YOUR PERSPECTIVES: Take the chance to get started in a challenging work environment characterized by team spirit and joy in the job. In addition to security as an employer in the context of Austrian social security, you can expect flexible framework conditions that reward your individual performance. Collective agreement minimum salary for employees in ITC for 38.5 h of working families. Special activities 1: Minimum salary entry level Euro 2. 393, up to experience level Euro 3. 282, willingness to overpayment in line with market conditions exists. A good working atmosphere is no coincidence. We also offer the following services: WorkLifeBalance: Flexible working hours. Home Office. Employee events. Childcare. Workplace and infrastructure: education and training. Employee notebook and mobile phone. Parking spot. Bicycle box. Subway connection good accessibility. Canteen. Accessibility. Health and Fitness: Occupational health management. Company doctor. Fitness offers. If you are interested in this future-oriented and varied field of activity, then please send your meaningful application documents including salary requirements by email to karriere @ itsv. at.IRE CONTACT: Mag Bettina Gerstl. Recruiter. career @ ITSV. at. ITSV GmbH. A1020 Vienna, Johann Böhm Platz 1. itsv. at., 20180423T12: 49: 440200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5282941, Healthcare, Social, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness, Employee Cell Phone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Parking lot, Good connection, Training and further education, Childcare, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Employee benefits, Employee gifts, ITSV GmbH, kcdn. atcompany57853116797logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Johann Boehm Square 1, sameAs: itsv. at
Data Explorer Data Architect Data Scientist (wm), your contribution to our corporate success: DATA EXPLORER DATA ARCHITECT DATA SCIENTIST (WM). In Vienna. COUNTING ON YOUR TASKS: Contributing to the implementation of AIUsecases (NLP, deep learning, chatbots, etc.) in an innovative team. Analysis of structured and unstructured information. Create and implement state of the art machine learning and deep learning models. Optimization of existing models. Designing big data systems. Designing Data Science Development Environments. Analysis of data sources. Statistical analyzes. YOUR QUALIFICATIONS: Academic education in computer science, mathematics beneficial. At least 1 year of project experience in the data science and machine learning deep learning environment. At least 1 year of project experience with python. At least 1 year of experience designing bigdata systems (Hadoop Spark). Experience in designing data science development environments. Experience with databases (SQL, NoSQL). Statistical Know How. Mathematical Know How. Experience with NLP (Natural Language Processing) and NLU (Natural Language Understanding). Experience in the optimization of models. YOUR PERSPECTIVES: Take the chance to get started in a challenging work environment characterized by team spirit and joy in the job. In addition to security as an employer in the context of Austrian social security, you can expect flexible framework conditions that reward your individual performance. Collective agreement minimum salary for employees in ITC for 38.5 h of working families. Special activities 1: Minimum salary entry level Euro 2. 393, up to experience level Euro 3. 282, willingness to overpayment in line with market conditions exists. A good working atmosphere is no coincidence. We also offer the following services: WorkLifeBalance: Flexible working hours. Home Office. Employee events. Childcare. Workplace and infrastructure: education and training. Employee notebook and mobile phone. Parking spot. Bicycle box. Subway connection good accessibility. Canteen. Accessibility. Health and Fitness: Occupational health management. Company doctor. Fitness offers. If you are interested in this future-oriented and varied field of activity, then please send your meaningful application documents including salary requirements by email to karriere @ itsv. at.IRE CONTACT: Mag Bettina Gerstl. Recruiter. career @ ITSV. at. ITSV GmbH. A1020 Vienna, Johann Böhm Platz 1. itsv. at., 20180423T12: 49: 460200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5282942, Healthcare, Social, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness offers, Employee Cell Phone, Staff Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program , Parking lot, Good connection, Training and further education, Childcare, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Employee benefits, Employee gifts, ITSV GmbH, kcdn. atcompany57853116797logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1020, Johann Boehm Square 1, sameAs: itsv. at
SAS Developer for Modeling Environment (mf), I believe in creative solutions for every technological challenge. . So do we. Working at Erste Group means pursuing a common goal and being enthusiastic about shared values. We always treat one another with respect, empathy, and understanding for our diverse backgrounds. This applies to our customers as well as to our employees.SAS Developer for Modeling Environment (mf). Erste Group IT International (EG IT INT) is the IT service provider of Erste Group, supplying solutions to all entities. It provides development, implementation and integration as well as operation of groupwide solutions. Aimed at offering the best service at the best price, EG IT INT plays a key strategic role within Erste Group.YOU:contribute to analysis, development, testing and operation. work within the whole product lifecycle. actively build up a long term relationship with our internal customers. will be part of an increasingly flexible service and are expected to proactively shape its future. have a professional education, at least 3 years of experience in software development SAS, Python Java (optional). are experienced esp. in SAS DI Studio, SAS Base and SAS ETS. understand Hadoop and Hive and have the ability to do basic commands and maintenance. have SQL knowhow, ideally with Oracle databases. are familiar with a Linux environment and shell scripting. speak English fluently and use it throughout your business day. are a communicative, teamminded, customeroriented and analytical thinking personality with the ability to act independently and at your own responsibility. WE:offer a very diverse job in an interesting and dynamic field with excellent perspectives, the chance to participate in a growing business area of Erste Group and to take over responsibility for defined challenging groupwide projects.provide you the opportunity to work with a motivated, ambitious multinational team and to cooperate with many colleagues, functions and units across the Erste Group in our region.offer you a competitive and performancerelated salary that will depend on your professional and personal qualifications. We are obliged by law to quote the minimum wage of EUR 40. 572, gross per year for this position, in accordance with the respective collective agreement.foster a work environment in where age, skin colour, gender, sexual orientation and cultural background are seen as the key to our success we live diversity!. INTERESTED?. We are looking forward to hearing from you! Degree of Employment: FullTime Primary Location: Vienna. Online bewerbenFollow us on:, 20180423T14: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5283018, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Erste Group IT International GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1105922319966unbenannt6. companymid. gif, Wien, 1100, Am Belvedere 1, sameAs: erstegroupit. com
(Junior) eCommerce Consultant (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee (Junior) eCommerce Consultant (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Management and cooperation in international projects over the entire project cycle. Evaluation and design of new requirements within international eCommerce projects. Coordination and coordination of internal customer requirements with software development. Support and further development of existing and future solutions in the eCommerce environment. Advising internal customers on the introduction of new processes and products. Collaboration with experienced consultants in the eCommerce environment. They offer: Successfully completed IT business administration training or professional experience in the merchandise management environment. First experiences with ERP systems (SAP of advantage) and project management. Goal-oriented and quality-conscious working with a high degree of initiative. Logical ability to think, independence, strong communication skills, understanding of customer requirements and a self-confident appearance. High willingness to learn and the desire for personal development. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180423T15: 33: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5283074, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Innovation Engineer (mw) Spielwiese sucht Tüftler, Innovation Engineer (mw) Spielwiese is looking for a fancier. (Jn 41441) Place of work: Linz. Our customer is a Upper Austrian technology company that has developed into a big player internationally with innovative and solid software solutions and online services. The solutions range from digital business processes to big data solutions and the hybrid cloud. A modern, pleasant working environment and a generous benefit program complete the package and make the technology driver a top employer. Your future role. The ideas and project forge of our customer are looking for creative talents who deal with innovations in cloud, software engineering and infrastructure. Just try it. Research. Test. But we can give you the following: Collaboration on exciting, innovation-driven research projects at the interface software development, Infraktur Cloud. Testing cardiac kidney technologies as well as performing load, stability innovation tests. Further development of customer solutions and database impact analysis, infrastructure software architecture. You offer. Completed IT training (HTL, FHUni). Experience in software development is an advantage. Good knowledge in software development (Java, C #, C). Knowledge of relational databases, web technologies and infrastructure. Tinkerer spirit and innovation. The special thing about this position. Modern office space in a central location. Relaxed, relaxed and informal working environment with small amenities (Brainfood, breakfast). Extensive, individually tailored continuing education offer. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2400 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 2400 and EUR 3500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Katrin Riegler (4366460405647), katrin. riegler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180423T15: 43: 490200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5283098, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Software Engineer (mw) for innovative cloud technology Innovation driver seeks TopTalent, Software Engineer (mw) for innovative cloud technology Innovation driver is looking for TopTalent. (Jn 41443) Place of work: Linz. Our customer is a Upper Austrian technology company that has developed into a big player internationally with innovative and solid software solutions and online services. The solutions range from digital business processes to big data solutions and the hybrid cloud. A modern, pleasant working environment and a generous benefit program complete the package and make the technology driver a top employer. Your future role. For the implementation of the in-house cloud solution, we are looking for talents who are enthusiastic about the following areas: Conception and implementation of the software solution from the design phase through to implementation. Definition of Use Cases and Writing User Stories. Design decisions, software architecture and interest in SOA and web services. You offer. Completed IT training (HTL, FHUni). Experience in software development is an advantage. Excellent knowledge in Java, C or C. Interest in agile development methods (Scrum) and project management. Teamwork and independent work. The special thing about this position. Modern office space in a central location. Relaxed, relaxed and informal working environment with small amenities (Brainfood, breakfast). Extensive, individually tailored continuing education offer. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2800 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 2800 and EUR 3500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Katrin Riegler (4366460405647), katrin. riegler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180423T15: 43: 500200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5283099, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Senior Software Developer (fm), Senior Software Developer (fm) Vienna, Austria. Our client develops advanced identity verification solutions for web and mobile with the aim of preventing fraud on a global scale. You will get the chance to work within an international startup with selfmanaging teams, where each and every members opinion matters.Your tasks:Be part of a cross functional team to work on continuous improvement of the clients systems with innovative technologies. Collaborate closely with the team to get features working from requirementsanalysis through the development process into the production environment. Work with Product Managers to clarify and prioritize work, with QA Engineers to maintain and improve quality, and with DevOps engineers to support operational and troubleshooting work. Keep up to date with the latest technologies, evaluate new tools. Define and use with your team best practices to produce new features in the most effective way while continuously improving quality of existing systems. Your Expertise:Solid experience with Java, Spring (CoreBootSecurityMVCData), REST (principles and hands on experience with at least 1 framework), SQL (able to write performant queries against 100M tables), Git, MavenGradle, JPA, Design Patterns. At least 5 years of professional experience in software development.Experience with JNI JNA development to support our Computer Vision team. Ability to work with PMQADevOps as equal partners throughout the whole lifecycle of the featureproduct, from inception till operating maintaining it. Ability to write good quality secure code, preferably be familiar with static code analysis tools. Excellent analytical, conceptual and communications skills in spoken and written English.Willingness to learn constantly, and be capable of abstract thinking while having a structured approach to work with a hand son mentality. Enjoying working in a selforganizing team environment. Fast learner, high capacity for abstract thinking structured approach to work plus a handson mentality international mindset. Additional Skills (any of the following):AWS experience. PostgreSQL experience, esp. performance tuning. Experience with any of the following: docker, Kafka, microservice based architecture (hands on), Spring Cloud. Deep knowledge of Java 8 features. Additional knowledge of PythonC. Machine learningDeep learning experience. Your benefits:Our client offers an annual full time salary (38, 5hr week) of minimum 60, 000 EUR gross with a possible verpayment depending on qualifications and experience. A flat structure environment working in self managing, crossfunctional teams. Working with up to date technologies in a convenient environment with tools of your choosing (OSIDE). A friendly, sunny office in Vienna with easy access via public transport. An awesome team to work and enjoy lunchtime bbqs with. Flexible working hours learning development opportunities. Snacks, fruits, beverages. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre aussagekräftigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. Für Rückfragen steht Ihnen Frau Mag Anna Maria Huemer telefonisch unter 43 (0) 1 524 55 01 37 gerne zur Verfügung.randstad. at(Bewerben. Randstad Austria. Neubaugasse 431, 1070 Wien. randstad. at. , 20180423T15: 56: 550200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5283152, Personaldienstleistung, , Randstad Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany50818501022logorandstadpersonalberatung. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Neubaugasse 43112, sameAs: personalberatung. randstad. at
Student trainee (mw) for Siemens Real Estate, student trainee (mw) for Siemens Real Estate (295819 SS). We realize what matters. With our employees, we electrify, automate and digitize Austria. Siemens Real Estate is the internal partner for all real estate matters of the Siemens units. Our business reflects the full breadth of the real estate business, from sourcing appropriate office and industrial space through renting, buying or building, to providing and operating the properties with all the associated tasks, to managing and optimizing the entire portfolio. Become part of our portfolio now Teams from Siemens Real Estate as a commercial student trainee (mw) in Vienna. Your new field of activity challenging and future-oriented. Support in the development of a new organizational concept in connection with efficiency enhancement and process optimization. Preparation of reports on commercial real estate management and data analysis and plausibility based on xe2x80x9eBig Data . Collaboration in operational commercial real estate activities. Their qualifications are well founded and adequatelyCommercial Education (UniversityFH). advanced MSOffice knowledge (especially Excel). Knowledge Interest in Data Analytics, Reporting, Big Data. Advanced English knowledge. Self-employment and initiative. Teamwork. Communication skills. Flexibility. What else do I have to know?. The gross annual salary according to the collective agreement for this function is Euro 28,954, full-time. Siemens as a major corporation also offers other benefits and benefits. How do I apply ?. Did we arouse your interest? Then we look forward to your meaningful online application.Job ID: 295819. Location: Vienna. Type of employment: FULLTIME. , 20180424T07: 59: 450200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5283510, Electronics, Automation, Canteen, Flexible working hours, Company pension plan, Siemens AG Austria, kcdn. atcompany8161296891logosiemensagsterreich. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1211, Siemensstrasse 90, sameAs: siemens. atkarriere
Data Competence Center Data Engineer (mw), We, the ProSiebenSat. 1 PULS 4 GmbH, are Austrias largest private TV broadcaster group. With our transmitter brands ATV, ATV 2 and PULS 4 we operate successfully in the Austrian media landscape and are established since 1998 as a moving image marketer. But we are much more than television: in a constantly changing market, we consistently pursue the digital transformation and are open to new ways and strategies. Only those who redefine the existing rules will play tomorrow. xe2x80x9eChange the game. Break the rules is our guiding principle. With our xe2x80x9eData Competence Center we are the central point of contact for all data-driven business models. Here we define, design and take responsibility for the data strategy and work closely together as an interface with all internal business units. In this area we stand together before exciting content and technological challenges in which you have the chance to become an expert in our team soon.Data Competence Center Data Engineer (mw). Tasks: The further development of business intelligence architecture and data modeling. Support in the visualization and structuring of relevant key figures. Close collaboration with Business Intelligence and Data Science employees. Ensuring data quality in coordination with our development teams. Connection of new data sources in cooperation with the respective departments. Profile: You have a degree in computer science, or a similar IT education (eg IT specialist). You bring a proactive, stand-alone, solution-oriented way of working and are excited about new challenges in the data-driven environment. You have very good SQL knowledge (PostgreSql). You were already able to gain initial knowledge with data visualization and reporting software (eg Tableau or similar products). You have very good German language skills in writing and writing, as well as good English skills. Desirably, you have some hands-on experience in using big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive, etc.). Offer: Unlock your potential We reward commitment and commitment with development opportunities, an attractive bonus system and a variety of benefits. Our 4GAMECHANGERS corporate culture gives space for ideas and development, promotes creativity and entrepreneurial thinking. For legal reasons, we point out that the collectively agreed minimum gross salary is EUR 36,400. Of course, we take into account the individual qualifications and are ready for a corresponding overpayment, details we discuss personally. We look forward to your application !. ProSiebenSat. 1 PULS 4 GmbH to Mrs. Beatrix BalzerWacek Media Quarter Marx 3. 3, Maria Jacobi Gasse 1, 1030 Vienna. , 20180424T10: 56: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5283760, Media, Publishing, Staff notebook, Childcare, Transportation subsidy, ProSiebenSat. 1 PULS 4 (GmbH), kcdn. atcompany68051192396logoprosiebensat1puls4gmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Maria Jacobi alley 1, sameAs: prosiebensat1puls4. com
Software Engineer Web Developer mw, Software Engineer Web Developer mW. Full time, Farmdok, Wieselburg. 2050: 9, 9 billion people live in the world. Agriculture needs smart decisions to feed the worlds population. Our contribution: Datadriven planning optimization in agriculture. Accept the challenge and develop a farm management system that automates the use of AI work records and provides farmers and process partners with digital tools information for production optimization. Farmers and agricultural service providers benefit from less effort and more convenience when completing the work records, but above all, through an information base for resource-efficient decisions.xe2x80x9eGive the farmer the digital levers for economic environmental success! Your responsibilities. Conception Programming of farm management applications in the web system. Collaboration on GPS data processing, machine learning and big data projects. Option to deepen the extension of the in-house FARMDOK core framework (ORM, routing, rights management, language and country control). Your profile. Completed a computer science degree or HTL with in-depth practical experience. You have very good PHP (7.1) knowledge. You have experience with MySQL, common ORM frameworks (see also Doctrine) and OOP. Of advantage are experiences with Design Patterns, JS, HTML5CSS, common FrontendFrameworks, Webpack, Python, TensorFlow. Our range. Working with experienced developers and flexible working hours in Wieselburg. Annual gross salary between EUR 35. 000 45. 000, depending on qualification and experience. If you would like to work with us to simplify the work of millions of farmers worldwide, apply and send your CV to office @ farmdok. com !. , 20180424T11: 25: 000200, FULLTIME, Wieselburg, Lower Austria, AT, 5283796, Internet, IT, Telecom,, Farmdok GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1121372840336unbenannt2. companymid. gif, Wieselburg an der Erlauf, 3250, Kruggling 7, sameAs: farmdok. com
Industrial Account Manager (wm), Willis Towers Watson is one of the worlds leading advisory, broking and solutions companies. We help our clients to generate growth from risk. Our roots go back to 1828. Today, Willis Towers Watson has around 40,000 employees in more than 140 countries in Germany and Austria. We have more than 1,200 employees at 14 locations. We design and deliver solutions that manage risk, optimize operational benefits, promote talent and increase capital. In this way, we protect and strengthen companies and employees. Our unique perspective enables us to identify the critical cross-section of talent, assets, and ideas to drive business performance. Together we make potential productive. In our Line of Business  Corporate Risk and Broking  we support companies with effective risk and insurance management. In doing so, we develop robust and cost-effective strategies for avoiding risks, taking into account their corporate goals and transferring them to insurers where appropriate. To strengthen our team we are looking for the location Vienna. Account Manager (wm) in the field of industrial insurance. (Code 31130). What awaits you? As a customer service representative (mw) you are responsible for the care and assurance of the satisfaction of our major customers. Their tasks include: preparing referral addresses and acquiring cross-selling activities. Cross-divisional management and control of customers risk and contract management. Ensuring customer satisfaction and professional crisis management. Carrying out customer appointments and controlling support activities. Carry out the risk assessment and needs analysis in close consultation with the customer. Our requirements. You have successfully completed training in the field of insurance or completed a university degree. Several years of professional experience in the insurance sector and in cooperation with major clients. Broad divisions and market knowledge as well as a resulting understanding of the business activities of our clients. Good business understanding and a high sales and customer-oriented thinking and action. Very good German and English skills, a high degree of assertiveness and a secure appearance complete her profile. You will find a professional environment with employees who look forward to your competent support. A permanent cooperation, cooperative team culture and professional knowledge management are our priority. Learn more at willistowerswatson.com. de.Interessiert ?. Please apply via this website (rubric  Careers ) or send your complete application to recruiting. ger @ willi tower watson. com. Your contact person is Ivan Kutle, phone: 49 6915055256. Annual gross salary starting from EUR 50,000, depending on professional qualifications and experience, we also offer an attractive package of benefits. Willis Towers Watson is an equal opportunity employer. , 20180424T12: 48: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5283866, Banks, Financial, Insurance,, Willis GmbH, kcdn. atcompany212653265097logo4. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Rennweg 94Top 2, sameAs: willis. com
DevOps Engineer (mw) #Cloud #OpenSource #Automation, DevOps Engineer (mw) #Cloud #OpenSource #Automation. (Jn 41509) Place of work: Linz. Our customer is a Upper Austrian technology company that has developed into a big player internationally with innovative and solid software solutions and online services. The solutions range from digital business processes to big data solutions and the hybrid cloud. A modern, pleasant working environment and a generous benefit program complete the package and make the technology driver a top employer. Your future role. Together with your colleagues, you take care of the expansion of the degree of automation of the self-developed cloud. In doing so, you take on the following tasks: conception, development and operation of build automation. Planning and responsibility of Continues Integration DeliveryPipeline. Support of WebServices Container Services. You offer. Completed IT training (HTL, FHUni) and / or experience in system administration. Scripting knowhow (Shell, Ruby, Perl, Python). Knowledge of Linux server landscapes and Apache Web Services. Interest in CICD topics (boss), agile development processes (Scrum), virtualization and container technology (KVM, Docker). Proactivity and enjoyment of teamwork. The special thing about this position. Modern office space in a central location. Relaxed, relaxed and informal working environment with small amenities (Brainfood, breakfast). Extensive, individually tailored continuing education offer. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2800 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 2800 and EUR 4500 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Katrin Riegler (4366460405647), katrin. riegler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180424T12: 56: 290200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5283898, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Employee IT Data Coordination (mw), employee IT Data Coordination (mw). Field of activity. IT. Division. s. Oliver Group. Site. Bergheim. Time. from now on your tasks. Responsibility for the complete and substantively correct transmission of sales inventory reports. Communication interface, consulting Support for data exchange (software). Organization of hardware and coordination of service providers for our stores. System-technical recording of sales campaigns in the POS system. Collaboration in the area of ​​IT Support Administration: recording user inquiries and troubleshooting questions. Your profile. Completed commercial training (eg HAKHTL best possible with focus on IT). Ideal also for professionals. Safe handling of Microsoft Windows operating systems and Microsoft Office. Structured, accurate and solution-oriented way of working. High sense of responsibility, team player. Our benefits. About us. Founded in 1969 by Bernd Freier s. Within only a few decades, Oliver Group has become one of the leading European fashion companies, inspiring people around the world with international fashion standards. As a large corporate family, the Group unites different lifestyles that can be found in the brands s. Oliver RED LABEL, s. Oliver BLACK LABEL, QS designed by, TRIANGLE, comma, comma CI and LIEBESKIND BERLIN express. s. Oliver, as one of the worldwide successful brands of s. Oliver Group, is the sum of the fashion of s. Oliver RED LABEL and s. Oliver BLACK LABEL. The casual, authentic casual collection from s. Oliver RED LABEL stands for sporty and easy to combine fashion. The uncomplicated, modern business occasion confection made of high-quality materials is called s. Oliver BLACK LABEL. Both combine a very good price-performance ratio. Who we are looking for? Personalities who not only have a high level of specialist competence, but also characteristics such as courage, decision-making and enthusiasm. The will to take responsibility, as well as respect and trust complete the profile. Because when the situation requires, we grow beyond ourselves. Your application. You start earning EUR 1. 900, 00 gross monthly plus an attractive overpayment based on your personal qualification and experience. If we have aroused your interest in this position in our head office in BergheimSalzburg, we look forward to your meaningful online application or by e-mail to: karriere @ at. s Oliver. com Your contact Sonja Thanner Freier Group Austria GmbH. Apply now. , 20180425T09: 36: 000200, FULLTIME, Bergheim, Salzburg, AT, 5284526, Commerce, Education and Training, Employee Benefits, Transportation Grant, Freier Group Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany78172494290logo. companymid. gif, Bergheim bei Salzburg, 5101, Moosfeldstrasse 1, sameAs: career. s Oliver. atdekarriere
Database Engineer for SQLData WarehouseBI mw, Database Engineer for SQLData WarehouseBI mw. Reference Number: MPT05495. Location Lannach, Styria. Company description World-class drive systems for the mobility of tomorrow. We are very enthusiastic about this at Magna Powertrain. As a leading global automotive supplier, we offer a full range of power train design, development, testing, and manufacturing services as well as engine and transmission components. Our name stands for quality, environmental awareness and safety. Our heart beats for innovation. Does that suit you? Then discover together with us new possibilities with maximum torque for your ideas. Job Description As part of a dynamic team, you are responsible for the design, operation and development of various databases such as MSSQL (Enterprise Standard), Oracle, MYSQL, and PostgreSQL. One of your priorities will be the supervision, redesign, development and architecture of a company-wide data warehouse. Among other things, you have the following main tasks. Database design and architecture. Installation, configuration, upgrade and operation of multiple SQL environments. Formation of the liaison office for software development. Moderation, coordination and decision for concrete database architecture solutions. Planning, design and operation of data warehouse and business intelligence solutions. Conditions. Completed training at a HTL, FH or TU in the field of computer science. Several years of experience in SQL database administration. Experience in designing and developing databases with Microsoft SQL. Extensive knowledge of the application of MS SSISSSASSSRS, TSQL, ETL and Hadoop. Experience in data analysis, such as predictive analytics, statistical modeling, data mining and / or machine learning technologies. Good knowledge of data modeling (Core, Data Mart or Star, Snow Flake, Data Vault). SAP knowledge is an advantage. Implementation strength, team player, structured, independent working style. Very good German and English. Additional information The collective agreement minimum salary for this position is EUR 2. 785, 54 gross per month. However, we offer a market-compliant payment depending on the qualifications and work experience, as well as attractive social benefits. If you are interested in this or any other open positions, we look forward to your online application under job. magna powertrain. com. Apply. , 20180425T09: 56: 590200, FULLTIME, Lannach, Styria, AT, 5284562, vehicle construction, suppliers, canteen, education and training, employee participation, Magna, kcdn. atcompany2004511047logomagna. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1120, Technology 8, sameAs: magna. com
Fulltime Full Stack Web Developer, Who are we? sumo technologies GmbH, situated at the Impact Hub Vienna, is a young and agile team of Food Data Scientists, Food Technologists, Food Standard Auditors, Researchers, and Software Engineers. Working in food quality management and hightech IT for decades, we are now creating the next generation of food production and management software. What do we do? sumo technologies has extensive experience with new technology like predictive analytics and machine learning. We have created a whole suite of products to bring ease into the food sector and audit management. Help us create these products and shake up the food industry!. Fulltime Full Stack Web Developer. Who are we looking for?. Fulltime Full Stack Web Developer with the following skills:Knowledge in Magento (Version 1 or 2) or other WebshopCMS Frameworks. JavaScript, HTML5, JQuery, Bootstrap, experience in Web FrontEnd technologies xe2x80xa2 Experience with at least PHP 5 xe2x80xa2 Good German and English skills. Optional:Experience with Linux (preferred: Ubuntu) xe2x80xa2 ReactJS andor Angular JS xe2x80xa2 Mobile native (iOS, Android) or experience with Hybrid app xe2x80xa2 Experience with the Atlassian Product Suite, i. e. JIRA xe2x80xa2 Experience with Agile Project Management, i. e. SCRUM xe2x80xa2 Ability to work independently. What can we offer?An agile and fun working environment in an exciting coworking space, fair and abovemarket compensation (min. 31. 000EUR p. a. ), and awesome coffee!. How do you apply?Send an email to office@sumotechnologies. com, including references, your CV, and your ideal starting date. We will get in touch with you with next steps!. sumo technologies GmbH. , 20180425T10: 35: 100200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5284592, Internet, IT, Telekom, , sumoTechnologies GmbH, , Wien, 1070, Lindengasse 561819, sameAs:
Senior Software Developer C # Machine Learning (mw), Senior Software Developer C # Machine Learning (mw). LEIBNITZ (SOUTH STONE MARKET). We are looking for the next possible start date active support in the field of software development in Leibnitz (Südsteiermark). Responsibility. Implementation and realization of enterprise software solutions in the area of ​​Big Data Machine Learning. As part of a Scrum team, responsible for cost estimates, quality and timely delivery. Implementation of functional and non-functional requirements in our solutions, such as support for the implementation of statistical models and machine learning methods. KnowHow distribution and coaching within the team. Cooperation in the preparation of concepts and user stories. Help to design the software architecture for new developments and continuous improvement of existing architectures. Support of the team in code and design reviews and in the context of pair programming. Implementation of high-quality technical solutions as part of an agile development process with short release cycles. Competences. Completed technical education (HTLFHUniversität) or relevant professional experience in software development. Several years of professional experience software development, C # beneficial. Extensive knowledge of programming languages ​​such as Scala, Python andor R. Experience with Scrum. Great expertise in refactoring and unit testing. Experience with various database systems, relational as well as NoSQL databases as well as OLAP technologies. Detailed knowledge of current big data technologies. Team spirit and an open, communicative personality. Methodical and structured way of working, ability to conceptual work. Quick comprehension for complex tasks. Very good German and English. Our range. With about 220 employees a working environment with flat hierarchies, but enough skills to always find a contact person for topics. Development opportunities in the context of our product development using state-of-the-art methods and technologies. pmOneTrainingscenter Our dedicated organizational unit where you can book trainings. Flexible working models (50% 100%). Home office regulation. Free fruit and drinks. Health promotion. Note (for Austria) according to xc2xa79 (2) GlBG: The minimum basic salary according to ITKV is EUR 3. 392, 00Month full-time employment. The actual salary results from a grading depending on your education, qualification and experience.pmOne we make #Datenversteher The more than 220 employees of the pmOne AG, founded in 2007, improve the analytic quotient of companies by gaining new insights for the company management from existing data. With its expertise in planning, consolidation, reporting, simulation, analysis and forecasting, pmOne AG, which also includes verovis management consulting, supports the digitization strategies of its more than 500 clients. In addition to CCH (R) Tagetik, the technological platforms of Microsoft and SAP are preferred, complemented by the proprietary software cMORE, SmartStart Consolidation (SSC) and XPCT. , 20180425T10: 36: 000200, FULLTIME, Leibnitz, Styria, AT, 5284593, advice, fitness offers, employee events, home office, pmOne GmbH, kcdn. atcompany71081819637logopmonegmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Media Quarter Marx, MariaJacobiGasse 1, sameAs: pmone. at
Software developer C #. NET (mw), software developer C #. NET (mw). LEIBNITZ (SOUTH STONE MARKET). We are looking for the next possible start date active support in the field of software development in Leibnitz (Südsteiermark). Responsibility. Implementation and implementation of software solutions for big data, BI DWH. As part of a Scrum team, responsible for cost estimates, quality and timely delivery. Implementation, testing and documentation of functions together with the team. Cooperation in the preparation of concepts and user stories. Implementation of high-quality technical solutions as part of an agile development process with short release cycles. Competences. Completed technical education (HTLFHUniversität) or relevant professional experience in software development. Experience in object-oriented software development with C # and related technologies. Knowledge and interest in JavaScriptTypeScript and FrontEnd Frameworks (Angular, React). Experience with unit testing frameworks and knowledge of design patterns, SOLID principles and refactoring. Knowledge of various database systems, relational as well as NoSQL databases. Team spirit and an open, communicative personality. Very good German and English. Our range. With about 220 employees a working environment with flat hierarchies, but enough skills to always find a contact person for topics. Development opportunities in the context of our product development using state-of-the-art methods and technologies. pmOneTrainingscenter Our dedicated organizational unit where you can book trainings. Flexible working models (50% 100%). Home office regulation. Free fruit and drinks. Health promotion. Note (for Austria) according to xc2xa79 para. 2 GlBG: The minimum basic salary according to ITKV is EUR 2. 393, 00Month full-time employment. The actual salary results from a grading depending on your education, qualification and experience.pmOne we make #Datenversteher The more than 220 employees of the pmOne AG, founded in 2007, improve the analytic quotient of companies by gaining new insights for the company management from existing data. With its expertise in planning, consolidation, reporting, simulation, analysis and forecasting, pmOne AG, which also includes verovis management consulting, supports the digitization strategies of its more than 500 clients. In addition to CCH (R) Tagetik, the technological platforms of Microsoft and SAP are preferred, complemented by the proprietary software cMORE, SmartStart Consolidation (SSC) and XPCT. , 20180425T10: 39: 000200, FULLTIME, Leibnitz, Styria, AT, 5284594, advice, fitness offers, employee events, home office, pmOne GmbH, kcdn. atcompany71081819637logopmonegmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Media Quarter Marx, MariaJacobiGasse 1, sameAs: pmone. at
FullStack Software Developer (mw), FullStack Software Developer (mw). LEIBNITZ (SOUTH STONE MARKET). We are looking for the next possible start date active support in the field of software development in Leibnitz (Südsteiermark). Responsibility. Implementation and realization of software solutions in the area of ​​Big Data, Business Intelligence Data Warehouse. As part of a Scrum team, responsible for cost estimates, quality and timely delivery. Implementation of software components in the frontend and backend. Knowledge distribution within the team. Cooperation in the preparation of concepts and user stories. Help to design the software architecture for new developments and continuous improvement of existing architectures. Support of the team in code and design reviews and in the context of pair programming. Implementation of high-quality technical solutions as part of an agile development process with short release cycles. Competences. Completed technical education (HTLFHUniversität) or relevant professional experience in software development. Several years of professional experience in frontend development as well as backend development. Very good knowledge of the FrontEnd development with various JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, etc.) and the BackEnd development (C # of advantage). Very good understanding of Continuous Integration and Deployment, Experience with Cloud Infrastructure (especially Azure). Experience with Scrum. Great expertise in refactoring and unit testing. Experience with various database systems, relational as well as NoSQL databases. Team spirit and an open, communicative personality. Methodical and structured way of working, ability to conceptual work. Quick comprehension for complex tasks. Very good German and English. Our range. With about 220 employees a working environment with flat hierarchies, but enough skills to always find a contact person for topics. Development opportunities in the context of our product development using state-of-the-art methods and technologies. pmOneTrainingscenter Our dedicated organizational unit where you can book trainings. Flexible working models (50% 100%). Home office regulation. Free fruit and drinks. Health promotion. Note (for Austria) according to xc2xa79 para. 2 GlBG: The minimum basic salary according to ITKV is EUR 3. 282, 00Month full-time employment. The actual salary results from a grading depending on your education, qualification and experience.pmOne we make #Datenversteher The more than 220 employees of the pmOne AG, founded in 2007, improve the analytic quotient of companies by gaining new insights for the company management from existing data. With its expertise in planning, consolidation, reporting, simulation, analysis and forecasting, pmOne AG, which also includes verovis management consulting, supports the digitization strategies of its more than 500 clients. In addition to CCH (R) Tagetik, the technological platforms of Microsoft and SAP are preferred, complemented by the proprietary software cMORE, SmartStart Consolidation (SSC) and XPCT. , 20180425T10: 41: 000200, FULLTIME, Leibnitz, Styria, AT, 5284596, advice, fitness offers, employee events, home office, pmOne GmbH, kcdn. atcompany71081819637logopmonegmbh. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1030, Media Quarter Marx, MariaJacobiGasse 1, sameAs: pmone. at
Recruiting Employer Branding for expanding software company, Recruiting Employer Branding for expanding software company in Vienna. (Part-time full-time, mw). Help Developers with Brainpower find a really interesting job in Vienna! The portatour (R) app optimizes the travel routes for people in the field and leads to fewer kilometers driven, to CO2 reduction and at the same time to more customer visits. Every day, from Australia to the US, global companies such as Samsung, Johnson Johnson, and WÜRTH, as well as thousands of individual agents, use AI (Artificial Intelligence) from portatour (R). As an IT Recruiter Employer Brander you bring new colleagues into the team of impactit GmbH. In cooperation with the management, you are also significantly responsible for positioning our company as an IT employer in Vienna. Your role is very important to the continued global growth of the company. Weekly hours: part-time or full-time, 20h to 38, 5h per week Location: Vienna Twin Tower, 1100 Vienna, Wienerbergstraße 11B14. Tasks. Presence in the IT Startup Community in Vienna. Active Sourcing Direct addressing of potential candidates. Composing and publishing job advertisements. Cooperation with online jacks. Creation of creative distribution channels. Supervision of social media in HR topics. Employer branding measures. Visit and organize events. Press contacts to national (online) media. Networking. Contact to colleges and universities. Applicant management job interviews. Accompaniment when onboarding new employees. Conditions. Completed university or FH studies. HR recruiting training or several years of experience in this field. Experience in IT and or startup environment. Effective use of social media. Excellent German and English in spoken and written. Basic knowledge in marketing. Communication skills. Flair for people. Structured procedure. High quality awareness. We offer. We offer you a modern working environment and the participation in a dedicated and highly motivated team. Globally operating company since 2007 with more than 90% export quota. Innovative IT product with unique added value for customers. High customer satisfaction and loyalty. Flat corporate hierarchy without bureaucracy. Place of work: Modern office with vision in the 14th floor. Flexible scheduling by flexitime model. Longterm cooperation. For this partial full-time position, the monthly basic salary is at least 2. 850 EUR (full-time). In addition, you will receive a success commission. Overpayment depending on qualification and experience possible. Interest? We look forward to receiving your detailed application at jobs @ portatour. com.BREAK SUBMIT. , 20180427T12: 18: 000200, FULLTIME, PARTTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5284602, Internet, IT, Telecom,, impactit GmbH, kcdn. atcompany79873313805portatourlogokarriereat. companymid. png, Vienna, 1100, Wienerbergstraße 11 B14, sameAs: impact. co. at
Digital Consultant (mw), We are looking for you as: Digital Consultant (mw). in Vienna. DIGITALBERATUNG is one of the leading agencies for Customer Experience Management and Digital Business Transformation in the German-speaking area. Our BeraterTeam develops tailor-made strategies and concepts for the digital transformation and online projects for our national and international clients. We are looking for YOU.Your tasks: Demanding advice You become part of a team of experts and support our customers in their journey through the digital transformation. Key topics are eCommerce, online projects, online marketing, smart data, customer relationship management. Customer-centered strategies and concepts Customer experience methods and other consulting methods will help you to develop digital strategies and concepts along the entire value chain of our clients. Excellent moderation and presentation You will be in workshops have a supporting role as a moderator, facilitator or presenter and give our customers the assurance that they are making the right decisions. Innovative Solution Concepts In an interdisciplinary team, you develop innovative mockups, optimized processes, new communication concepts etc. for telecommunications companies, trading companies, B2B companies, Insurances, Transport Companies, Nonprofit Organizations and Public Institutions.Trends and Best Practice You always know the latest technology trends, know how to use them in practice nn and apply them to the situation and challenges of our customers. Your profile: You have successfully completed your Masters, Diplom or PhD studies in (Business) Computer Science, (Business) Engineering, Economics or Humanities.Ideally you already have relevant internships during your studies made. You are very interested in digitization and technology trends, such as online communication, IoT, big data, virtualization, mobility, etc. You have excellent German and English skills. Communication and project management are among your strengths, as well as very good analytical skills and teamwork. Ideally, you bring Methodical knowledge for consulting especially Customer Experience Beratung mit.Die flexibility in the consulting environment, your above-average commitment and high willingness to travel round off your profile.What we offer you: Air-conditioned, beautiful attic office on Spittelberg very good transport links, numerous restaurants and pubs in front of the door young and creative team consisting of currently about 15 employees. A flat hierarchy and a large own gestaltungsspielraum.Flexible working hours. Our customers and projects set the pace. Reasonable payment (The annual gross salary is a minimum of EUR 40,000. Depending on qualifications and professional experience, overpayment is of course provided for.). If you feel addressed, we look forward to receiving an email from you Gerhard Wehe.DIGITALBERATUNG GmbH Gerhard Wehe gw @ digitalberatung. at Stiftgasse 626 1070 Wien Web: digitalberatung. at., 20180425T12: 48: 150200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5284694, Internet, IT, Telecom,, DIGITALBERATUNG GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1080122023990logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1070, Stiftgasse 626, sameAs: digital consulting. at
Advanced Junior Software Developer Java (mw) with ambitions in Requirements Engineering Software Developer Java, The Company. You have gained initial experience in Java programming, are enthusiastic about the latest technologies in the IoT field and are interested in the field of requirements engineering? Then along here! Our client is one of the worlds leading service providers in the IT and technology industries and offers you the opportunity to build up extensive expertise in the field of digitization today. The European-based company has offices in more than 35 countries and advises clients on the development and implementation of digitization strategies and the use of new technologies. Our client not only assures his pioneering position by innovative ideas, but also by his high customer orientation. To strengthen the implementation of numerous digitization projects, we are looking for you as a motivated Advanced Junior Software Developer (mw) in permanent employment at the location in Vienna !. Advanced Junior Software Developer Java (mw) with ambitions in Requirements Engineering Software Developer Java in Vienna. Permanent employment. After an intensive training you take on the following tasks. According to your current experience, you take on exciting tasks in Java software development, which are continually being expanded. As part of the concept specification, you participate in customer requirements analysis and requirements gathering and design technical concepts in collaboration with a senior developer. You bind databases in the SQL environment and program other interfaces (SOAP, REST). They work closely with other developers and continuously communicate about new development methods and tools. Your advantages. You can expect an attractive salary package of an average of 42,000 euros gross year, depending on your qualifications and your wealth of experience. Balanced WorkLife balance through an attractive working time model with a fixed home office regulation. Funded training and continuing education at the academies of the numerous cooperation partners worldwide enable an individual career development. The opportunity to become a Requirements Engineer as well as a varied task through international and innovative digitization projects in the field of Big Data, IoT, Ecommerce etc.Your profile as an Advanced Junior Developer. Successfully completed studies in the IT area or a completed comparable training. Through internships, working student jobs or a first permanent position you could gain experience in Java development, ideally in an agile environment (Scrum, Kanban). Fluent German and good command of English as well as basic know-how in common Java frameworks (eg Spring, Hibernate) coupled with a moderate willingness to travel make you a perfect candidate. Your application. Send your CV with project list to your contact person for IT and SAP vacancies in Austria.Tom Horkheimer 43 720 515250 thorkheimer @ ratbacher. at. A presentation of your documents with our client takes place only after a mutual discussion and with your consent. Apply now. Ratbacher. 2. 500 renowned employers put their trust in us. Over 10 years experience in the ITSAP personnel consulting. Important background information about the positions. Individual advice along your application process. , 20180425T15: 41: 230200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5284869, Personaldienstleistung,, Ratbacher GmbH, kcdn. atcompany522893312515logogross. companymid. gif, Stuttgart, 70176, Schloßstraße 70, sameAs: ratbacher. at
Data Warehouse IT Project Manager (wm), you want to accompany BAWAG P. S. K. on your way to the most efficient omnichannel bank in Austria and are looking for a challenging job in a dynamic industry? We rely on simple and transparent products and pick up our customers wherever they are: in the middle of life. Go this way with us !. DATA WAREHOUSE IT PROJECT MANAGER (WM). Your tasks: End-to-end project management of agile IT projects focusing on BCBS239, GDPR and other regulatory requirements for banks. Coordinating the implementation of projects in the field of data warehouse and business intelligence, with a focus on xe2x80x9eFinancial Reporting , xe2x80x9eControlling  and xe2x80x9eRisk . Review and involvement in creating concepts and designs for software components in the data warehouse environment based on requirement documents. Close coordination with the relevant business areas as well as with supporting external partners in software development. Quality assurance and documentation of software components based on requirements and design documents focusing on business intelligence, data warehouse, controlling, financial reporting and risk. Further development of our software development methodology taking into account new technologies and tools. Your profile: Degree in Computer Science in Business Informatics or comparable University of Applied Sciences. Ideally available banking knowhow, as well as knowledge of current bank-specific regulatory requirements. In-depth knowledge of relational databasesOraclePLSQL, ideally also JavaTechnologies. Experience in designing and designing software components in the data warehouse environment, as well as understanding and interpreting bank-technical requirements. Experience in modern agile development practices (SCRUM, Kanban), know-how in modern software development tools and technologies, as well as tools like Jira, Spira and Confluence. Experience in IT project management and strong communication skills. We offer: An exciting job and the chance to actively shape the future of the banking business in a dynamic time. An environment in which women and men with self-motivation and motivation can achieve a great deal, while at the same time achieving a good balance between their private and professional obligations. Attractive career and training opportunities as well as numerous social benefits and benefits. This item has a full-time KV minimum base salary of EUR 47. 488, gross annually. Depending on experience and vocational training, there is a willingness to overpay. Your contact person for this position: Ivana Petrusic. We look forward to receiving your application. In the meantime you have to start with BAWAG P. S. K. jobs. bawagpsk. com. , 20180426T09: 45: 500200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5285321, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Well Connected , Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home Office, Company retirement plans, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, BAWAG PSK, kcdn. atcompany422367508logobawagpsk. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Georg Koch Square 2, same as: bawagpsk. com
Full Stack SAP Developer (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. Full Stack SAP Developer (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Development of sustainable software solutions using the latest SAP technologies. Design and implementation of web-based applications based on SAP UI5. Professional specialization in one or more areas of our diverse SAP system landscape (eg Retail, eCommerce, HCM, FI, xe2x80xa6). Sustainable knowledge building and assuming responsibility for defined components and systems. Continuous improvement of our software architecture and standards. Collaboration in national and international projects. They offer: A completed IT education (HTL, FH, Uni) or equivalent relevant professional experience in software development. Experience in SAP ABAP development is an advantage. Passion and joy in software development with different technologies, analytical skills. Interest and enthusiasm for new SAP technologies (SAP UI5, SAP Leonardo, SAP Cloud Platform, etc.). Commitment and initiative for sustainable software solutions with an impressive user experience. Team player with motivation. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180426T12: 33: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5285471, trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
BWL Expert as Consultant Finance (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg. BWL Expert as Consultant Finance (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Consulting and support of the internal departments Accounting, Controlling and Corporate Finance for the finance applications of a Central European trading group. Creative development of the used products in the form of projects. Collaboration and technical management of projects over the entire project cycle. International cooperation. They offer: Successfully completed training in business administration and interest in IT. Detailed financial accounting and controlling knowledge. xe2x80x9eHandsOn  mentality and analytical understanding. Above-average degree of independence, pronounced communication skills, understanding of customer requirements, good demeanor and sound quality awareness. Proprietary German and English spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180426T12: 36: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5285472, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
(Junior) CRM Consultant (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. (Junior) CRM Consultant (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Management and cooperation in international projects over the entire project cycle. Evaluation and design of new marketing requirements. Link between the subject matter experts and software development. Support and further development of existing and future solutions in the CRM environment Consulting of internal customers during the introduction of new processes and products. They offer: Successfully completed IT business administration training or professional experience in the CRM environment. (First) experience with project management and CRM systems (SAP of advantage). Goal-oriented and quality-conscious working with a high degree of initiative. Logical ability to think, independence, strong communication skills, understanding of customer requirements and a self-confident appearance. High willingness to learn and the desire for personal development. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180426T12: 38: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5285474, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Malware Detection Engine Developer (Fulltime), Over 40 employees enjoy working at the IKARUS Security Software. With passion and motivation, we invent new and more complex security solutions that are aiming to be at the very top of the worldwide market. In cooperation with our international customers and partners, we develop new and better security solutions that are a fit for the customer and their very special needs. If you like to join us, we are currently looking for a colleague on the position. Malware Detection Engine Developer (Fulltime). As an Engine Developer, you join our eccentric coders in the Vienna office. You will work on latest updates or develop new software.Our requirements:CC. Understanding of other languages, including scripting languages. x86 Assembler reading skills. Interest to understand the internals of software and file formats. Reverse engineering experience. Ability to explain what and why are you doing. An advantage is also if you:Have strong algorithms knowledge. Have experience with Android developmentreversing. Understand Python and Perl. Have skills on machine learning. We offer:Occasional free beer (when support doesn drink it all out). Interesting discussions (when you need to explain what and why you are doing or revert). Competitive salary. Flexible working hours. If you find the description above interesting, don hesitate and email us via: bewerbung@ikarus. at or use the online form!. The minimum salary for this position is EUR 2. 898, per month (Base KV EDV Regelstufe for ST1 at 38, 5hweek). and is adjusted to match your qualification and experience.IKARUS Security Software GmbH Herr Gaspar Furtado Blechturmgasse 11 1050 Wien Web: IKARUSsecurity. com. , 20180426T13: 44: 330200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5285603, Internet, IT, Telekom, , IKARUS Security Software GmbH, kcdn. atcompany6653411459logoikarussecuritysoftwaregmbh. companymid. gif, Wien, 1050, Blechturmgasse 11, sameAs: ikarus. at
Software Engineering Team Leader (mw) NEXT STEP: Coding Guru Mentor Wanted, Software Engineering Team Leader (mw) NEXT STEP: Coding Guru Mentor Wanted. (Jn 41528) Place of work: Linz. Our customer is a Upper Austrian technology company that has developed into a big player internationally with innovative and solid software solutions and online services. The solutions range from digital business processes to big data solutions and the hybrid cloud. A modern, pleasant working environment and a generous benefit program complete the package and make the technology driver a top employer. Your future role. For the further development of the innovative product range we are looking for experienced software developers, for whom the team management represents an exciting next career step. You convince with your enthusiasm for the following tasks: Conception and further development of the in-house software Test Automation Tools. Responsible implementation of the requirements and user stories in the agile project environment. Driving force in team building and possibility to take over the team leadership (depending on professional experience). You offer. Completed IT training (HTL, FHUni). Experience in software development with server and client technologies (Java, Eclipse, JavaScript, HTML,). Know-how in automated software testing (eg Selenium) is an advantage. Tinkerergeist Enjoying the independent development of CuttingEdge software solutions. The special thing about this position. Modern office space in a central location. Relaxed, relaxed and informal working environment with small amenities (Brainfood, breakfast). Extensive, individually tailored continuing education offer. Salary range. Minimum salary EUR 2800 gross month (full-time). Actual salary Between EUR 2800 and EUR 5000 gross monthly depending on qualification and experience. If you see a challenge in this position, apply online. The responsible contact person, Katrin Riegler (4366460405647), katrin. riegler @ epunkt. com, will contact you immediately. Apply now. Advertisement on epunkt. com. , 20180426T15: 54: 160200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5285690, Personnel Services,, epunkt Internet Recruiting, kcdn. atcompany641538013logoepunktinternetrecruiting. companymid. gif, Linz, 4020, Harrachstraße 6, Atrium, sameAs: epunkt. com
Junior Consultant (mw) IT Audit Technology, Operational Data Risk, you are eager to start your career after graduation? To show what is in you and to inspire your team with new ideas? Then you are in good hands with Deloitte Risk Advisory. We offer newcomers to our locations in Vienna and Linz unique perspectives and development opportunities, integrate them from the start into projects and offer them plenty of scope for their own paths. Junior Consultant (mw) IT Audit Technology, Operational Data Risk. Your start for a successful career at the interface between business and IT !. Your tasks: Get to know a multitude of well-known international and Austrian companies, in which you participate in IT audits in the context of annual financial statements. Take on exciting tasks in consulting projects from the very beginning in the optimization of internal control and company-wide risk management systems as well as the execution of internal audit projects. Support us in a variety of topics at the interface of business and IT, including in the context of projects at renowned companies on data analysis, security, data protection, software asset management and IT governance. Her profile: You quickly adapt to new situations, adapting flexibly to people, tasks and goals. You are self-initiated, work independently and at the same time are a real team player. In addition, you have an analytical mindset and are willing to constantly learn to continue to advance yourself and your team. In addition to your personal strengths you bring along the following: A degree in business information technology, computer science or economics with relevant specialization. Interest in the combination of business understanding and technical know-how. Very good German and English. Ideally willing to travel (mainly Austria and Germany, always in coordination with our employees). Our offer: We offer you broad insights into the implementation of IT, ICS and risk management projects! Get to know medium-sized companies as well as international groups in various sectors and their diverse IT infrastructures. In addition to the professional insights you expect: Team-oriented working environment with flat hierarchies (from you from junior to partner). Comprehensive education and training programs and promotion of postgraduate certifications (eg CISA, CIA, CISM, CISSP). Excellent career opportunities with a stable employer in a pleasant, friendly atmosphere. Flexible working time model (not all in contract). You want to know more about jobs at Deloitte? Our employees introduce themselves and their work tasks in person. Annual gross salary starting from EUR 33. 600, depending on professional qualifications and experience, additionally we offer an attractive package of fringe benefits. What impact does you make ?. Deloitte. atkarriere. About Deloitte. Deloitte Austria is the leading provider of professional services. With 1,350 employees at ten locations, Deloitte serves companies and institutions in the areas of auditing, tax consulting, consulting, financial advisory and risk advisory. Your contact person. Melike Jilka, MA, (431537002627) Renngasse 1, 1010 Wien deloitte. at We look forward to receiving your ONLINE application. , 20180427T07: 46: 210200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5285960, advice, meal allowance, drinks, health measures, company doctor, fitness offers, staff cell phone, employee notebook, accessibility, mentor program mentor, good connection, education and training , Child Care, EmployeeEvents, Educational LeaveOut Time, Flexible Hours, Home Office, Employee Benefits, Employee Awards, Employee Benefits, Deloitte, kcdn. atcompany10132141721logo. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Renngasse 1Freyung, sameAs: deloitte. at
UX Designer (mw): Create an Exceptional User Experience with a Great DEV Team !, UX Designer (mw): Create an Exceptional User Experience with a Great DEV Team !. Technology Linz, Austria. Sketch InVision Mobile First UX Design Software as a Service B2B Big Data. You love the challenge and prefer working on a complex software product? An extraordinary user experience comes first for you? Are you looking for a team that appreciates open communication and faces new challenges together ?. Are you a global market leader who is on the pulse of the times? With superior quality and state-of-the-art technologies, we delight customers such as Apple, Google, Netflix, BMW or SAP. Our world-leading performance management system has revolutionized monitoring: AIpowered. Full stack. Automated. We support companies in the digital transformation and enable self-driving IT through cloud monitoring based on artificial intelligence. Apply now and convince yourself !. Your role in the team. UX Design in close collaboration with one of our great development teams. Understanding the needs and requirements of our international customers. Conducting user tests and their analysis. Creating Wireframes, Design Mocks (Sketch) and Interactive KlickMocks (InVision). Develop information architectures and workflows. Our expectations of you. Experience in the development of user interfaces and workflows (more than portfolio websites). Ability to empathize with information structures, data hierarchies, flow and application principles. Pursuit of visual clarity, simplicity, consistency, balance and beauty xc3xa0 la Dynatrace. First experience with InVision and Sketch. Team player and proactive in the implementation of tasks. You will love this job, though. you appreciate versatile tasks (design of optimal UIs and workflows, mockups, prototypes, web design, illustration, infographics, employer branding, online and print marketing, etc.). you attracted a colorful team, consisting of 12 other experienced, unique UX designers, The Dynatrace brand and our international corporate culture appeal to you.UX is more than just UI design to you.mobile applications are your first priority.The gross contractual minimum gross salary is EUR 39. 200 (full-time equivalent). However, depending on your qualifications and experience, we offer you a significantly higher gross monthly salary. Its best to move online now and get to know our UX team in person.Dynatrace Austria GmbH. Freistädterstraße 313. 4040 Linz. dynaTrace. com. Apply now. Benefits. Sports. Fruits. Cereals. High tech. Coffee. Smoothies. Kitchen. Flexitime. Public transportation discount. Parking. Mobile phone. Table football. , 20180427T07: 59: 200200, FULLTIME, Linz, Upper Austria, AT, 5286018, Internet, IT, Telecom, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Employee Cellphone, Employees Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Car Park, Well Connected, Education & Training, Employee Events, Flexible Working hours, home office, employee bonuses, transport subsidies, Dynatrace Austria GmbH, kcdn. atcompany158261973525logo. companymid. gif, Linz, 4040, Freistädter Str. 313, sameAs: dynatrace. com
Project Manager Manufacturing Science Microbials (mw), Project Manager Manufacturing Science Microbials (mw). Austria (Vienna) Vienna. JOBID. 185383. JOB LEVEL: Professionals. WORK AREA: Biopharmaceutics. HOURS: Full time. Your new job. Technical and operational management of projects of the Unit Manufacturing Science Microbials with a focus on downstream processing. Assignment of organizational tasks within the unit as well as technical guidance and coordination of the employees in the context of the project activity. Independent planning, supervision of the execution and evaluation of experiments and test runs as well as complete compilation and documentation of the data. Support of production facilities in all relevant process technologies of protein purification on a laboratory scale. Conducting process improvement projects on a laboratory scale for market products. Troubleshooting Support Investigation and resolution of problems in biopharmaceutical production through accompanying laboratory scale experiments. Contact for internal and external customers. The willingness to work on ongoing processes on weekends and public holidays. We offer you an interesting salary for this position, which takes into account both your professional and personal skills as well as your previous professional experience. Due to legal requirements, we are obliged to announce the minimum basic pay according to the collective agreement, which in this position is EUR 35. 235, 20 gross per year (full time), whereby an overpayment is possible. In addition, we offer our employees a variety of attractive social benefits, which we also like to inform you in a personal conversation. Your talents and skills. Completed science doctorate or masters program with a focus on biochemistry, biotechnology, process engineering (or similar). Expertise and practical experience in the field of chromatography and xe2x80x9eDownstream Processing . Practical experience with statistical analysis methods. Secure, correspondence-capable English skills. Professional appearance and communication behavior in dealing with international clients as well as enjoyment of working in interdisciplinary teams. Problem-solving competence and process-oriented thinking. About us. Innovative pharmaceuticals for humans and animals have been the watchword for the research-based pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim for more than 130 years. Boehringer Ingelheim is one of the 20 leading companies in the industry and is still family-owned. Around 50,000 employees create value through innovation every day for the three business units Human Pharmaceuticals, Animal Health and Biopharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing. In 2016, Boehringer Ingelheim generated revenues of around 15, 9 billion euros. Expenditures for research development amount to more than three billion euros, or 19, 6 percent of sales.Boehringer Ingelheim attaches great importance to equal opportunities as an employer and contributes to a diverse and inclusive work environment. We promote all aspects of diversity inclusion that are of value to our employees, patients and communities. Contact. Your documents will be reviewed by our recruiting team and department heads. For this reason, we have not mentioned a specific contact person here and ask you to address your application to us in general. Apply now. , 20180427T08: 01: 270200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5286027, Pharmaceuticals, Chemicals, Biotech, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Fruit, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Mental Health, Fitness offers, Company Cars, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Mentor Mentoring Program , Good connections, Education and training, Childcare, Employee events, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home office, Company pension, Employee benefits, Employee bonuses, Supplementary insurance, Employee gifts, Boehringer Ingelheim RCV GmbH Co KG, kcdn. atcompany584392990logoboehringeringelheimaustria. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1121, dr. BoehringerGasse 511, sameAs: boehringeringelheim. at
Data Analyst (mw) for medical products, We are expanding into new markets and products. As a dynamic and very successful international trading company in the health sector, we are seeking reinforcement for our New Business division. Data Analyst (mw). for medical products, place of work: Langkampfen near Kufstein. Your tasks: Cooperation in the field of New Business in a very active environment and responsibility for assigned projects. Portfolio analyzes and measures for the continuous development of the product range. Profitability evaluations and development of optimization and improvement measures. Cost calculation through calculations and price inquiries. Editing and analyzing tenders. Systematic research and analysis of distribution channels and development of an optimal and product portfolio. Partnering with the Sales and Purchasing team in the sense of strong customer orientation. We offer: An exciting, challenging task in a lively work environment. Short and fast decision paths. An open, direct, uncomplicated and respectful corporate culture. Longterm cooperation. Modern work environment. A salary based on your qualifications and professional experience of up to Euro 60,000 gross annual salary. You have the following prerequisites for this important and demanding activity: Good business management qualification (study or completed vocational secondary school, BSC, etc.). First professional experience in a comparable position (controlling, product management, etc.). Very good knowledge of MS Excel and basic knowledge of MS Access. Good knowledge of the remaining MSOffice range. We look forward to receiving your electronic application. Please send your detailed application documents to servicecenter @ balmung. cc.Balmung Medical Handel GmbH Wienerbergstrasse 1112a A1100 Vienna, Tel.: 43 1 312 900 Fax: 43 1 312 900 88 email: office @ balmung. cc UID. No. ATU61917206, FN251068v ,, 20180427T10: 59: 180200, FULLTIME, Langkampfen, Tyrol, AT, 5286034, trade, Balmung Medical Handel GmbH, kcdn. atcompany221692582168balmungneuabnov12. template. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1100, Twin Tower, Wienerbergstr. 11, sameAs: balmung. cc
IT Solution Consultant for Retail Applications (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with issues such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. IT Solution Consultant for Retail Applications (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg or Wernberg. Your tasks: Proactive design of the digitization of the point of sale with innovative solutions in the Internet of Things. Management and cooperation in international POS projects in the field of omnichannel. Supervision and further development of cash registers and balance systems, money management processes, digital signage and mobile applications with simultaneous integration into the online shop. Quality assurance and release management of POS applications. Advising our internal customers on the introduction and improvement of processes and new products. Place of employment ICSHeadquarter Salzburg or alternatively in Carinthia (Wernberg) with willingness to travel and regular missions in Salzburg. They offer: Successfully completed training in IT (HTL, FH, UNI). Experience in the POS environment is an advantage, but not absolutely necessary as a corresponding training plan is offered. Knowledge in project management and experience in business administration. Above-average degree of commitment, logical thinking, independence, distinctive ability to communicate, understanding of customer requirements, professional appearance and high quality awareness. Very good knowledge of German; English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180427T09: 02: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, Wernberg, Carinthia, AT, 5286072, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Business Informatics as IT Product Manager Business Intelligence Analytics (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. Business Informatics as IT Product Manager Business Intelligence Analytics (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Advising the departments on the new and further development of xe2x80x9estateoftheart  BusinessIntelligence solutions in a modern and international environment. Implementation of Business Intelligence applications with MicroStrategy SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) on SAP HANA or implementation of eCommerce analytics in Adobe Analytics. Collaboration in Business Intelligence projects. Provision of data models for reporting applications in MicroStrategy. International cooperation in the field of corporate reporting. You offer: Completed computer science or business informatics training we are happy to give even beginners a chance. Experience with Business Intelligence or Data Warehouse is beneficial, preferably with SAP Business Warehouse (SAP BW) and MicroStrategy. Practical experience in project management advantageous. Goal-oriented and quality-conscious working with a high degree of initiative and quality awareness. Very good knowledge of German, written and spoken English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180427T09: 06: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5286076, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
IT Project Manager (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with issues such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. IT Project Manager (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Individual and multi-project management in an international environment. Overall responsibility for the successful and sustainable implementation of complex IT and business projects in the dimensions of budget, time and content. Management of the IT project team and coordination of all project activities. Preparation and preparation of professional decision-making principles. Active project communication and presentation of the results. They offer: Profound experience in the management of medium and large IT projects. Successfully completed training in IT (FH, UNI) or Business Informatics. very good knowledge of common project management methods (classic and agile); IPMA or PMIC certification advantageous. Entrepreneurial personality with a high degree of customer orientation, distinctive communication skills, negotiating skills and presentation security. Very good knowledge of English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company as well as individual development plans in order to develop qualifications and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180427T09: 07: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5286111, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
IT Consultant focus on Adobe Experience Manager (mw),  International careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. We are looking for a new employee for the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg. IT Consultant Focus Adobe Experience Manager (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Central role in the conception and development of Group-wide solutions based on the Adobe Experience Manager. Technical advice and architectural specifications in terms of efficiency, performance and stability. Defining and ensuring quality standards in development. Close cooperation with our external implementation partner. Collaboration in national and international eCommerce projects. They offer: successfully completed training in the IT sector or several years of professional experience in the relevant environment. In-depth knowledge of web development and Java development. Experience with Adobe Experience Manager, OSGI, Apache Sling, JCR, Sightly advantage. Analytical ability to think, self-employment, communication and teamwork, high quality awareness. German and English in spoken and written. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and development opportunities of a growing company. An attractive and performance-related salary, which is based on your qualifications and your professional experience and which for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180427T09: 10: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5286125, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Business Analyst for IT Delivery Integrated Risk Calculation (fm), International business requires an international corporate philosophy. Are you open to new ideas and do you value cultural diversity? At Raiffeisen Bank International, we are pleased to have more than 14 million customers in 14 CEE countries. And our journey continues with exciting new issues for us to tackle such as digitalisation and changing customer needs. Join us on our journey.Business Analyst for IT Delivery Integrated Risk Calculation (fm). We are significantly strengthening our international team of IT Business Analysts in Group Austrian IT and are looking for ambitious and service oriented candidates. You will link the business and IT world with your personality as well as your business and technical knowhow in an Agile Adaptive Organization setting. We are looking for experience and are ready to offer both challenging international projects and various development possibilities.What you can expect:Contribute to elaborate business requirements and solutions in the area of Limit and Exposure Management:Align and refine demands with Product Owner and several business lines. Detect and evaluate synergies for data, processes, new solutions and technologies like Cloud, Hadoop, Exadata, etc.Lead or support prestudies. Prepare and align the business and solution blueprint. Contribute to the cost benefit analysis of projects. Act as Solution Architect and Business Analyst for innovations. Analyze and understand the business needs. Contribute to design solid data architecture and challenge the demands in terms of possible synergies and best practice. Manages solution interdependencies and find synergies between Product Streams together with Product Owners, Delivery Manager and Business Area Owner. Perform business analysis related implementation topics. Hand over to operations. Support and review technical solution design from solution architecture perspective and be part of an agile team. What you bring to the table:Team player, high level of commitment and motivation. Minimum 5 years of experience in a business or IT department, preferable on the IT side within a financial institution.Experience with agile (scrum) projects and application management (DevOps). Master degree in IT, Finance, Risk or similar is a benefit. High data affinity and knowledge of new bigdata technologies (Cloud, Hadoop, xe2x80xa6). Handson experience with databases (e. g. Oracle, MS SQL). SQL knowledge is a must. Analytical, resultoriented and structured way of working. Experience in UnixLinux and scripting languages as a benefit. Presentation skills and experience in consulting business is a benefit. Fluent command of English; German is appreciated. What we offer:Youll work in an international team at a leading bank. Youll benefit from flexible working arrangements and determine your own worklife balance. Youll benefit from the very latest in tailored professional development. Youll earn an appropriate salary starting at gross p. a. EUR 46, 500 excluding overtime. RBI AG is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, race or color, national origin, religion, political or other opinion, sex, sexual orientation or disability. We are looking forward to receiving your online application! jobs. rbinternational. com. , 20180427T09: 54: 120200, FULLTIME, Wien 3, 5286194, Banken, Finanz, Versicherung, , Raiffeisen Bank International AG, kcdn. atcompany3925351926logoraiffeisenbankinternationalag. companymid. gif, Wien, 1030, Am Stadtpark 9, sameAs: rbinternational. com
SAP HCM Consultant (mw),  International Careers. Starting in Salzburg . As a dynamic ITUnit, SPAR ICS is responsible for all IT issues throughout the SPAR Austria Group in eight countries and in three areas: Food Retail, Sports Fashion and Shopping Centers. The more than 400 committed employees deal with topics such as Digital Retail, Data Science, Cloud Mobile Computing or IT Security and ensure that everything runs perfectly. For the ICSHeadquarter in Salzburg we are looking for a new employee. SAP HCM Consultant (mw). Place of employment: Salzburg. Your tasks: Professional solution consulting and close cooperation with our departments personnel and personnel development. Collaboration in international HCM projects from the preparation of the requirements to the go-live and transfer to the company. Consulting and support in the SAP HCM modules incl. The interfaces to SAP and NonSAP systems. Analysis, development and optimization of existing HR systems (mainly SAP HCM, but also recruiting, elearning, etc.) in Germany and abroad. They offer: Successfully completed IT Business Administration (Uni, FH). In-depth knowledge of the SAPHCM modules PA, OM, PT, PY including customizing; ABAP knowledge of advantage. xe2x80x9eHands On  mentality, above-average degree of independence, commitment and sound quality awareness. Strong communication skills, the ability to translate customer requirements into solutions. Willingness for personal development; Missing knowledge is supplemented by appropriate training plans. Very good knowledge of German, good command of spoken and written English. We offer: A highly interesting field of activity in a Central European trading group expanding from Austria. The security and advancement opportunities of a growing business as well as individual development plans to develop skills and make a career. An attractive and performance-related salary that is based on your qualifications and professional experience and that for this position is well above the collective agreement (KVMinimum would be based on a full-time job 1. 586, gross euros per month)). We look forward to receiving your application: SPAR Österreichische WarenhandelsAG Human Resources Europastraße 3 5015 Salzburg or by email to: bewerbung @ spar. at., 20180427T12: 07: 000200, FULLTIME, Salzburg, Salzburg, AT, 5286318, Trade,, SPAR ICS Business Services GmbH, kcdn. atcompany1089011656293logosparbusinessservicesgmbhics. companymid. gif, Salzburg, 5015, European Route 3, sameAs: sparics. com
Junior SAP BI Analytics Consultant (mw), In a team of about 120 employees we implement a wide range of projects every year at Phoron Consulting. With the attitude and determination to get more out and create new things together. We think, advise and develop beyond the xe2x80x9eGo Live. In Vienna, Stuttgart and Sao Paolo, well-founded and sophisticated SAP solutions for our national and international renowned customers are developed across industries. The SAP world and our customers are as varied, colorful and international as we are as a team. As in processes everything has its place, it has the different characters with us. We like our work, know each other and get involved. For our customers and for each other.More about us. Junior SAP BI Analytics Consultant (mw). Are you fascinated by SAP, know the basics and now want to dive deeper. While accompanying colleagues and attending training courses, you will develop comprehensive knowledge every day with the aim of specializing in an SAP module. You learn to understand industries, systems and processes of our customers and identify, design and implement the optimal SAP solution. With their specialization in Business Intelligence and BigData Analytics, they are focusing on the future market because data is the gold of the 21st century. Thats what keeps you busy: you look deeply into the industry, system architectures and processes, and quickly analyze and interpret them. Support your customers during the requirements analysis and. design creative data models and create modern visualizations. They implement them together with your team and your customers. They advise and support your customers throughout the project and beyond. always with the aim of getting the optimal solution up and running. All this is done remotely and partly at the customers site. You are about 50% of your working time. You are already well: You have completed a high school education, master at least one object-oriented programming language, ideally theoretical or practical experience with data modeling, data science, big data, have been working for 1 2 years SAP. understand economic relationships quickly capture processes. You are not done yet, but bring the basic requirements? Start your SAP career with us! We are happy to train you! phoron. comdekarrierejuniors. We are good at that: you join us in a team of expert colleagues who know what they are doing. You could call them also SAPGurus. Our positive business development, successful project results and satisfied customers are one thing. Our open, amical, willingness to learn climate the other. Interactions are guaranteed. Development prospects, training, additional services, monthly MAEvents, sporting and social activities. We can write here a lot. Its best to get a picture. What we offer You are also welcome to contact Sarah Hermans, your contact person for your SAP career. What is special about my job? He is varied, exciting and funny. I can really develop and build knowledge. Also thanks to my mentor. Thats why I know how to find the solution that leads to the goal creatively and with a calm mind. David Wietstruk, Consultant. We are pleased when you join the team and offer you a gross annual salary incl. Performance-based bonus starting from EUR 35,000 for this position. You can pay more? Depending on your professional qualifications and experience, overpayment is possible. Would you like to get to know us? Thats our pleasure. We too! Please apply me here. Apply now. Your contact person for your SAP career. Sarah Hermans, Business Partner HR jobs @ phoron. com T: 4372030308517., 20180430T09: 17: 230200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5286445, Consulting, Employee Events, Flexible Hours, Home Office, Phoron Consulting GmbH, kcdn. atcompany70413315454phoronlogokarriereat. companymid. jpg, Vienna, 1110, Guglgasse 153b, sameAs: phoron. com
Group Leader Digital Analytics (wm), you want to accompany BAWAG P. S. K. on your way to the most efficient omnichannel bank in Austria and are looking for a challenging job in a dynamic industry? We rely on simple and transparent products and pick up our customers wherever they are: in the middle of life. Go this way with us !. GROUP MANAGER DIGITAL ANALYTICS (wm). Her tasks: Leading and developing the digital analytics team of BAWAG P. S. K. to support digital sales and customer activation by implementing BI and analytics initiatives. Implement and enhance predictive analytics models and user group comparisons based on Big Data and Machine Learning to help our clients improve their financial lives and strengthen digital sales. Create automated reports on and analyze digital KPIs to facilitate timely control of BAWAG P.S.Ks digital agenda. Analyze existing processes across all digital channels (Web site, online banking, mobile apps, online sales channels) and identify vulnerabilities to continually improve the customer experience. Organizing know-how transfer within the BAWAG P. S. K. Group and promoting joint projects with internal stakeholders. Your Profile: You are a graduate of Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Econometrics, Data Science, Business Analytics or similar subjects. You have several years of experience in data discovery and data science with big data, advanced analytics and machine learning Methodology, ideally in a digital environment. You are a generalist, familiar with all of the important concepts of data science, and have a good idea of ​​what expertise is required to solve a particular problem. You have experience in data management, data analysis, data visualization, and authoring Dashboards, eg Tableau or PowerBI. Knowledge of Web Analytics tools such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics are beneficial. You should be familiar with Big Data tools, such as Hadoop Apache Spark and programming languages ​​such as R, Python or Scala, etc.We offer: An exciting job and a chance in a dynamic time actively shaping the future of banking as a leader. An environment in which women and men with self-motivation and motivation can achieve a great deal while at the same time achieving a good balance between their private and professional obligations. Attractive career and training opportunities at a leading financial institution on growth course as well as numerous social benefits and benefits. This item has a full-time KV minimum base salary of EUR 42. 544, 18 gross annually. Depending on experience and vocational training, there is a willingness to overpay. Your contact person for this position: Christine Erben. We look forward to receiving your application. In the meantime you have to start with BAWAG P. S. K. jobs. bawagpsk. com. , 20180430T00: 00: 000200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5286589, Banks, Finance, Insurance, Canteen, Food supplement, Snacks, Drinks, Health Measures, Company Doctor, Fitness Offers, Company Car, Employee Cell Phone, Employee Notebook, Accessibility, Mentor Mentoring Program, Good Connectivity , Education & Training, Childcare, EmployeeEvents, FunCorner, Educational leave, Flexible working hours, Home Office, Company retirement plans, Employee Benefits, Employee Benefits, Employee Loans, Supplementary Insurance, Transportation Grant, Employee Benefits, BAWAG PSK, kcdn. atcompany422367508logobawagpsk. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Georg Koch Square 2, same as: bawagpsk. com
Internship: Digital Design and UVM based Verification, Internship: Digital Design and UVM based Verification. At a glance. We are strengthening our Digital Design team for automotive semiconductors in Graz and therefore we are looking for motivated students with the willingness to learn new things and work in a challenging environment.Quick info. Location. Graz. Entry level. Internship. Job ID. 27627. Start. May 01, 2018Type. Part time. Contract. Temporary. Job description. In your new role you will:Digital PreSi Verification using UVM. Digital Design Support. In this job you will have close cooperation with digital designers, lab and test engineers.Start: immediately. Work time: parttime. This position is subject to the collective agreement for workers and employees in the electrical and electronics industry. The salary for this position is EUR 1. 333, gross p. m. (fulltime basis) for Bachelors students and EUR 1. 746, gross p. m. (fulltime basis) for Masters students.Profile. You are best equipped for this task if you have:Currently studying Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a comparable study. Preferrably already with Bachelor Degree or close to finishing the Bachelor Studies. Digital Design Basics (Verilog, VHDL). SystemC Know How as a Plus. Enjoy working in an international environment and are eager to learn new things. Speak English fluently. Please attach the following documents to your application:Your CV. Your motivation letter. Certificate of matriculation at a university. Latest study transcript. Final Matura certificate. About Us. Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.We make life easier, safer and greener with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. Efficient use of energy, environmentallyfriendly mobility and security in a connected world we solve some of the most critical challenges that our society faces while taking a conscientious approach to the use of natural resources.In the Automotive (ATV) segment, we develop highvalue products and services to advance fully and partly selfdriving cars. To enable radarbased advanced driver assistance systems, we deliver endtoend solutions to capture and process complex, safetycritical data from the vehicles surroundings. These include radar sensor ICs as well as microcontrollers optimized for radar signal preprocessing. We are helping to realize the Zero Vision for road traffic safety through our certified components and subsystems. In the connected car of the future, our security microcontrollers will help protect sensitive data more effectively. In addition, ATV is making a valuable contribution to the development of emobility. Power semiconductors are driving electric motors and innovative system solutions using silicon carbide are increasing the efficiency and reducing the weight of chargers and inverters. These technologies are paving the way for electric vehicles that offer the same range with smaller batteries. In combustion engines too, power semiconductors are making a difference by reducing exhaust emissions.Apply now!. , 20180430T00: 00: 000200, INTERN, Graz, Steiermark, AT, 5286600, Elektronik, Automatisation, Kantine, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Infineon Technologies Austria AG, kcdn. atcompany1682296456logoinfineontechnologiesaustriaag. companymid. jpg, Villach, 9500, Siemensstraße 2, sameAs: infineon. comaustria
Data Analyst, Schulmeister Technik IT concentrates on teaching positions in technology, computer science and at the interface to the economy. Our client is the largest research and educational institution in Austria and is looking for a team in Vienna. Data Analyst. The largest research and educational institution in Austria is looking for Data Analystin !. Looking for someone with experience in data warehousing, business intelligence and data analysis. Integrated into the area of ​​finance and controlling, a diversified and attractive area of ​​responsibility awaits you. Your tasks in detail. They take over the modeling and integration of data from the operational systems for analysis in the central BIS system. Definition, development and implementation of data models and reports. Creation, design, commenting and presentation of the stakeholder and management reporting. Implementation of data analyzes and forecasts as well as the preparation of decision aids. Continuous quality assurance of the data and key figures. Administration of Roles and Authorization. Your profile. You have a completed higher education (TU, FH, HTL) in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Statistics or comparable fields. They bring professional experience in data analysis. Knowledge of BI tools. Ideally you have experience with SAP, R, COGNOS and TM1. A high degree of ITand affinity and no fear of large amounts of data. They score with a pronounced analytical and statistical knowhow. They work accurately, independently, solution-oriented and possess Handson mentality. Very good knowledge of German completes your profile. The offer. You work in an exciting environment on interesting, diverse tasks. Collaboration in an ambitious team in a location with very good public accessibility. Opportunity to actively participate and develop in the long term. Depending on qualifications and experience, a salary between EUR 2. 500, and EUR 3. 500, gross per month is offered. Please send us your application to the following e-mail address: technikwien @ schulmeisterconsulting. com with the password: JMUVFDRQ01 or press on xe2x80x9eJETZT APPLY . Advertise now. , 20180430T09: 49: 220200, FULLTIME, Vienna, Vienna, AT, 5287278, Personnel Services,, Schulmeister Technik IT, kcdn. atcompany1057333191384schulmeistertechnik. companymid. gif, Vienna, 1010, Wächtergasse 1Top 102, sameAs: schulmeisterconsulting. com
Junior Data Scientist (wm), the Software Competence Center Hagenberg (SCCH) is a center of top-level research at the international level as a COMET competence center. The SCCH focuses on application-oriented research in the fields of data science and software science. Thus, SCCH contributes both to the further development of innovative solutions for the economy and to the further development of the research location Upper Austria. SCCH is an indispensable part of the software park Hagenberg makes a significant contribution to the development of the region. The scientific networking with numerous national and international universities and research institutions provides for additional competencies. SCCH currently has about 65 employees. Junior Data Scientist (wm). Profile. To strengthen our team in Data Analysis Systems, we are looking for a junior data scientist (wm) to work on research-intensive topics in machine learning and data analysis. We offer the opportunity to become a member of an international team of researchers working with Duties in Data Management, Data Driven Modeling, Model Predictive Control, Fault Diagnosis, Predictive Analytics and Process Optimization. Typical fields of application are the analysis and optimization of industrial processes, eg in the chemical industry, in machine manufacturing and maintenance or in environmental technology. The team works with Austrian and European companies and research institutions. Requirements. Preferably you have. a university degree (Master) in the field of computer science, data science, mathematics, statistics or a related field of study. In-depth training and, if possible, experience in machine learning, data mining or statistics and related software tools such as Python (scikitlearn, pandas, numpy, TensorFlow, xe2x80xa6), R, Matlab or similar. Background or interest in data management systems (relational databases, SQL, xe2x80xa6), big data (NoSQL databases, analysis frameworks such as Spark) and related technologies (stream processing environments) would be desirable. Practical experience with data analysis is beneficial. Good skills in software development in modern high-level languages ​​like Python, R, Matlab, C or Java. Ambitions in research and problem solving. good communication skills, teamwork. good English knowledge. good knowledge of German is an advantage. Ambitious candidates also have the opportunity to pursue a relevant PhD degree. They enjoy working in a personal team atmosphere and can fully contribute their strengths in technology, business and science. Independent working methods, teamwork and cooperation with industrial partners are among your strengths. We are looking for creative people and offer varied challenges in industry-related research projects. Our flexible working hours allow for individual coordination of professional and private goals. Are you interested? Apply and convince us! We are looking forward to a conversation. The minimum gross salary is EUR 2. 968 euros, 14 times a year at full employment. The actual salary depends on the qualifications of the applicants.We would like to increase the proportion of women in our organization and would be particularly pleased to be able to fill this position with a researcher. Software Competence Center Hageenberg GmbH Dr. med. Klaus Pirklbauer Softwarepark 21 4232 Hagenberg Web: scch. at., 20180430T10: 32: 330200, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5287304, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Mentor Mentoring Program, Flexible Hours, Software Competence Center Hagenberg GmbH, kcdn. atcompany6922486024logosoftwarecompetencecenterhagenberggmbh. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: scch. at
Senior Data Scientist (wm), The Software Competence Center Hagenberg (SCCH) is a center of top-level research at the international level as a COMET competence center. The SCCH focuses on application-oriented research in the fields of data science and software science. Thus, SCCH contributes both to the further development of innovative solutions for the economy and to the further development of the research location Upper Austria. SCCH is an indispensable part of the software park Hagenberg makes a significant contribution to the development of the region. The scientific networking with numerous national and international universities and research institutions provides for additional competencies. SCCH currently has about 65 employees. Senior Data Scientist (wm). Profile. To strengthen our team in Data Analysis Systems, we are looking for a Senior Data Scientist (wm) to work on research-intensive topics in Machine Learning and Data Analysis. We offer the opportunity to become a member of an international team of researchers working with Duties in Data Driven Modeling, Model Predictive Control, Fault Diagnosis, Predictive Analytics and Process Optimization. Typical fields of application are the analysis and optimization of industrial processes, eg in the chemical industry, in machine manufacturing and maintenance or in environmental technology. The team works with Austrian and European companies and research institutions. Requirements. Preferably you have. a completed doctoral or masters degree (with experience) in the field of computer science, data science, mathematics, statistics or a related field of study. In-depth training and experience in machine learning (especially deep learning, transfer learning), data mining and statistics and related software tools such as Python (pandas, scikitlearn, Tensor Flow, Keras, xe2x80xa6), R, Matlab or similar. practical experience with data analysis. good skills in software development in modern high-level languages ​​such as Matlab, Python, R or C. Ambitions in research and problem solving. Experience in scientific publishing activity. good communication skills, teamwork. good English knowledge. good knowledge of German is an advantage. You enjoy working in a personal team atmosphere and can fully contribute your strengths in technology, business and science. Independent working methods, teamwork and cooperation with industrial partners are among your strengths. We are looking for creative people and offer varied challenges in industry-related research projects. Our flexible working hours allow for individual coordination of professional and private goals. Are you interested? Apply and convince us! We are looking forward to a conversation. The minimum gross salary is EUR 3,176 (master) EUR 3,592 (DoktorPhD), 14 times a year at full employment. The actual salary depends on the qualifications of the applicants.We would like to increase the proportion of women in our organization and would be particularly pleased to be able to fill this position with a researcher. Software Competence Center Hageenberg GmbH Dr. med. Klaus Pirklbauer Softwarepark 21 4232 Hagenberg Web: scch. at., 20180430T10: 32: 050200, FULLTIME, Hagenberg, 5287305, Internet, IT, Telecom, Fruit, Mentor Mentoring Program, Flexible Hours, Software Competence Center Hagenberg GmbH, kcdn. atcompany6922486024logosoftwarecompetencecenterhagenberggmbh. companymid. gif, Hagenberg, 4232, Softwarepark 21, sameAs: scch. at
Corporate Accountant (mf), Corporate Accountant (mf). MSD is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where MSD has codified its 125year legacy. MSDs success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare. For our office in 1220 Vienna we are currently seeking for the position of Corporate Accountant (mf).Responsibilities. Provide general ledger support and analysis inclusive of period end financial close responsibilities. Maintain an accurate and current accounting ledger which reflects Austria transactional reality through timely posting of all required items in compliance with Corporate and country requirements. Responsible for monthly Account Reconciliation processes on a timely basis and adhering to all corporate standards and guidelines. Actively identify opportunities for streamlining and rendering service delivery more efficiently. Work closely with other team members to effectively manage workload and gain exposure to multiple finance and business disciplines within the organization. Monitoring and Managing with the local business accrual and allocation needs. Coordinating and supporting monthend close tasks execution from the local perspective with the remote Business support, Consolidation and Corporate teams. Review and manage Business requests of ATR related Master data changes. Analysis of financial data and where needed initiate adjustments. All tasks are related to 3 legal companies (human health commercial operations and animal health manufacturing sites). Qualifications. Bachelors Degree in Business Administration, Accounting or Finance. At least 3 years of experience in a finance or accounting department of a multinational company. Experience with balance sheet reconciliations. Experience with local GAAP desired. Experience with US GAAP required. Businesslevel English language skills (speaking and writing). Ability to work independently and with a team in a fastpaced and high volume environment with emphasis on accuracy and timeliness. Strong communication, interpersonal, and organization skills required. Intermediate to Advanced PC skills (SAP, MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint) required. Advanced problem solving and analytical skills with a proactive management style to implement new processes. Works effectively in a fastpaced, dynamic environment, under pressure and with a high degree of professionalism, remaining focused through change or uncertainty. Team player with focus on collaboration. MSD offers an attractive salary, outstanding social benefits and an exciting work environment with varied tasks in an international environment. The minimum annual salary for this position is EUR 49. 600, and varies according to the qualifications and experience of the successful candidate. We are looking forward to receiving your application. Apply online. Merck Sharp Dohme GesmbH, ARES TOWER, DonauCityStraße 11, A1220 Wien, msd. at. , 20180430T11: 36: 000200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5287363, Pharma, Chemie, Biotech, Essenszulage, Snacks, Getränke, Gesundheitsmaßnahmen, Betriebsarzt, Psychische Gesundheit, Fitnessangebote, Firmenwagen, Mitarbeiterhandy, Mitarbeiternotebook, Paten MentorenProgramm, Parkplatz, Gute Anbindung, Aus und Weiterbildung , MitarbeiterEvents, FunCorner, Flexible Arbeitszeiten, Home Office, Betriebliche Altersvorsorge, Mitarbeitervergünstigungen, Mitarbeiterprämien, Zusatzversicherungen, Verkehrsmittelzuschuss, Mitarbeitergeschenke, Merck Sharp Dohme GesmbH, kcdn. atcompany140113005653logos. companymid. gif, Wien, 1220, ARES TOWER, DonauCityStraße 11, sameAs: msd. at
Data Scientist Researcher for NLP, KnowCenter is an established international research center that is currently expanding into the areas of databank business and big data analytics. With more than 80 highly qualified employees at our location in Graz, Austria, we carry out research and development under the motto  from data to intelligence. The KnowCenter is looking for a dedicated (n) dedicated (s). DATA SCIENTIST RESEARCHER FOR NLP (38, 5 hW). You already have good knowledge and / or great interest in the analysis of natural language data sets, a high level of interest in research and development and are very keen to work in cross-thematic teams? Then we want to meet you! Together with our partners from the research and industry, we work on innovative topics around machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing (NLP) and search technologies. We develop long-term research and development co-operations and support our partners in the realization of simple prototypes to the implementation of complete customer end solutions. Task. You will be involved in many exciting research projects in a wide variety of fields, from semiconductor manufacturing to automotive, energy and pharmaceuticals. Right from the start, you can actively help shape the projects in order to answer the scientific questions with the most creative possible solutions. To do this you will use different mathematical statistical tools and examine the respective problems based on your knowledge and experience. In terms of application-oriented research, you will always develop new analysis methods to create a significant benefit in the form of concrete optimization success for our research and development partners. Required knowledge. Ongoing or completed studies in computer science, software development, telematics, mathematics, statistics or a comparable science degree. Experience in analysis and modeling. Good statistical knowledge. Good command of programming and scripting languages ​​like Java, Python, R or Matlab. Very good German and English skills. Teamwork, independence and a high level of communication skills. Interested in. Multilingual Textmining Text Analysis Natural Language Processing. Deep Learning and other Machine Learning methods. Scientific work. OpenSource, new technologies and frameworks. Dealing with distributed systems like Hadoop. We offer. Innovative tasks in the fascinating field of applied research. Opportunities for professional and personal development. Dynamic, creative and multicultural team. Flexible working hours and optimal scope for personal WorkLifeBalance. Pleasant, informal, stimulating working atmosphere. The collective agreement minimum salary for this full-time position (38, 5 sW) is 2. 393, gross Euro per month (14 times a year). THE READY FOR PAYMENT IN DEPENDENCE OF QUALIFICATION AND EXPERIENCE IS AVAILABLE.We welcome your application, please send it as an email enclosing relevant documents to career @ knowcenter. at.KNOWCENTER GMBH. RESEARCH CENTER FOR DATADRIVEN BUSINESS AND BIG DATA ANALYTICS Inffeldgasse 136, A 8010 Graz. Know center. For job posting on our website:, 20180430T14: 12: 000200, FULLTIME, Graz, Styria, AT, 5287457, Science, Research, Education & Training, Flexible Hours, Employee Rewards, KNOWCENTER GmbH Research Center for Data Driven Business Big Data Analytics, kcdn , atcompany439261572264logokompetenzzentrumfrwissensbasierteanwendungenusystemeforschungs. companymid. gif, Graz, 8010, Inffeldgasse 136, sameAs: knowcenter. TUGraz. at
Computer Vision Engineer, Computer Vision Engineer Vienna, Austria. Description. Our client develops advanced security solutions for online payments and transactions with the aim of preventing fraud on a global scale. The software products are known for their hightech character as well as for their innovative approach to internet security. The worlds leading technology companies are among the customers of our client.You will get the chance to work with a small team where each and every members opinion matters.The clients global team has offices in Austria, California (US) and in India.Your tasks:Develop computer vision algorithms with the clients top notch RD development team.Analyze and improve existing algorithms using by increasing efficiency, profiling, memory locality, xe2x80xa6. Explore and research new methods pertaining to future product development.Be a key component to creating a product that is ensured to be the future of the clients marketplace.Your Expertise Essential Skills:Background in Computer Vision andor Machine Learning. Background in C andor Python. Additional Skills:Experience with multithreadingconcurrency.Background in Android or IOS development.Knowledge of NEONSSE and vector processing. Knowledge of GPU programming (e. g. GLSL). Enjoy working in a selforganizing team environment. Think further than the solution appears to require. Excellent analytical, conceptual and communications skills in spoken and written English. Fast learner, high capacity for abstract thinking and structured approach to work plus a handson mentality and international mindset. Your benefits:Our client offers an annual full time salary (38, 5hr week) of minimum EUR43. 000 gross with a possible overpayment depending on qualifications and experience.A flat structure and AGILE environment. A friendly, sunny office in Vienna with easy access via public transport. An awesome team to work and enjoy lunchtime BBQxc2xb4s with. A discounted Gym membership. Team individual learning development. Wir freuen uns auf Ihre aussagekräftigen Bewerbungsunterlagen. Für Rückfragen steht Ihnen Frau Tanja Rajkovic telefonisch unter 43 524 55 0138 gerne zur Verfügung.randstad. at(Bewerben. Randstad Austria IT Professionals. Neubaugasse 431, 1070 Wien. randstad. at. , 20180430T15: 40: 580200, FULLTIME, Wien, Wien, AT, 5287483, Personaldienstleistung, , Randstad Personalberatung, kcdn. atcompany50818501022logorandstadpersonalberatung. companymid. gif, Wien, 1070, Neubaugasse 43112, sameAs: personalberatung. randstad. at
None
None
